Changes:
1. increase food chance drop to 40%
2. if you are attempting to rest and not enough food, display a message saying so
3. if you are attempting to recruit and not enough gold, display a message saying so
4. reduce monster damage by 10%
5. allow hotkeys 'R' for rest, 'I' for inventory, 'C' for recruit and 'B' for bag.  create a help menu that says this by typing 'H'.  In the main menu also create a small tool tip that gives this same info.
6. increase the chance that monsters drop loot from 5% to 10%
7. change gold dropped from monsters from 5 to 20  to the new amount of 10 to 20
8. add 10 more monster types
9. add sounds, a melee attack should sound like a metal weapon clanging, a ranged attack should sound like a swish followed by a thunk, a magic attack should sound like a fiery woosh and explosion.  also for each monster create a sound effect that makes sense for what it is.  when consuming a health potion create a sound of drinking and swallowing.  for resting create a sound of snoring for opening group inventory or personal inventory create a sound of cloth rustling.  
10. give ranged attacks a 20% chance to critical hit, that does double damage.  display this in combat if this happens.  give melee attacks a 20% chance to stun one enemy, meaning that it cannot act on its next turn, display this and code this mechanic.  
11. add to possible loot drops a shield. if a character equips a shield, check during combat on a possible hit there should be a 25% chance it blocks the attack entirely, resulting in 0 damage to the character.  this will need to be coded.
12. make sure that each weapon has a hover over tooltip explaining its damage, damage type and that each armor has a hover over tooltip explaining its protective defense value.  give the shield a hover over explaining that it has a 25% chance to block an attack.  Under the help menu add a note about combat explaining the stun and crit chances implemented above.  explain that health is red, stamina is green and mana is blue.
13. add a new feature to the dungeon.  add a wandering tinkerer, there should only be one tinkerer in the dungeon at a time, and allows the player to buy and sell items, this interface needs to be coded.  the tinkerer works the same as monsters you cannot walk into its space and it also wanders, but you cannot fight it, combat does not occur.  instead you get the shop interface.  allow the purchase of all armor and weapons that can drop for the following prices.  weapons cost 50 gold per damage bonus.  armor is 50 gold per defensive point.  a shield is 150.  allow the purchase of food for 50 gold and the purchase of healing potions for 50 gold.  players can sell items from group inventory for half the cost of what it would take to buy.  

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.

==

when going to inventory free up the mouse to interact with that interface
give a save button as well instead of save and exit
add a slow regen system, characters regain 1 health per minute, 3 stamina per minute, and 2 mana per minute
increase monster spawn rate by 100%  there are too few of them
increase sound effect volume 30%
ok new systems:  for each character we are going to add two additional aspects a. a class b. a species
implement the following classes:

warrior class (+50% health, +50% stamina, 0 mana)
- health regeneration is an extra 1 per minute and stamina regeneration is an extra 1 per minute
- warriors do +1 damage in melee
ranger class (+25% health, +25% stamina, 50% less mana)
- health regeneration is an extra 1 per minute and stamina regeneration is an extra 1 per minute
- rangers do +1 damage with ranged
mage class (-25% health, -25% stamina, +50% mana)
- mana regeneration is an extra 2 per minute
- mages do +1 damage with magic attacks
rogue class (+100% stamina, 0 mana)
- rogues do +1 damage in melee
- stamina regeneration is an extra 2 per minute
- rogues have a special backstab button which costs triple the normal stamina and does a melee attack, but will do triple damage and has a 5% chance to kill the enemy outright reducing it to 0 health.  create a a button for these characters only (or if that is too hard allow it for all but place a check for the class and indicate it is for rogues only if the class is not a rogue, and disallow it.  note the extra damage in melee in a hoverover and in the melee help section.  
monk class (-20% health, +10% stamina, +10% mana)
- monks do +1 damage in melee
- stamina regeneration is an extra 1 per minute and mana regen is an extra 1 per minute
- monks have a whirlwind power that doesnt require a button it just works with a melee attack.  monk's melee attacks take both stamina and mana to attack.  melee attacks by a monk have a 50% chance to attack each enemy the group is fighting.
- monks are disallowed from using armor better than cloth (place a check around this and an indicator message)
- monks have a 33% chance to dodge any attack (works like shield) but this uses 2 stamina and 2 mana (create a tooltip for this
cleric class (+25% health, +25% mana, -50% stamina)
- clerics do no extra damage in ranged, melee or magic
- clerics have a special heal button akin to the rogues.  usuable only by clerics.  the cleric can use the button and is offered a choice to heal which party member.  this takes 5 mana and the button cannot be used it too low on mana (send a message).  a successful heal will heal 25% of the target's health.
necromancer class (50% health, 50% stamina, +100% mana)
- necromancers do no extra damage with melee, ranged, or mana
- instead of an attack necromancers can summon a skeleton to join the character roster, the cost is 7 mana, the skeleton will only last for the duration of the combat.  the skeleton has the same stats and damage as a monster skeleton.  the skeleton can act on its own and always does melee damage and cannot wear equipment or use weapons or be healed by clerics.  the summon skeleton button is akin to the rogue or cleric special buttons complete with the class check and tooltip and help info.
- a necromancer magical attack has a 20% chance to do a life drain and restore 2 health to the necromancer.  create tooltips and a combat message for this.


ok that is it for classes now the species:
elf: +1 ranged damage and +1 magic damage
dwarf: +1 melee damage and +1 stamina regen per minute
human: +1 stamina regen per minute and +1 health regen per minute
orc: +1 melee damage and +1 health regen per minute
gnome: +1 magic damage and +1 mana regen per minute
halfling: +1 stamina regen per minute and +1 ranged damage

as mentioned make sure that during a new game the choice for a class and species are there as dropdowns when chosing a name.

when recruiting, allow the player to also chose the recruit's class and species and name.

Create information on all the classes and species in the general Help guide.  tweak the graphics for the character icons if possible to reflect the species, and also add a little icon in, on or near the character infoto indicate the class.  come up with sensible easy to understand icons for each. 

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.


=== 
make the following minor changes:
1. mage and necromancer can wear cloth only like monk.  no leather, chain or plate.  check that monk cannot wear chain also, you seem to mention only leather and plate
2. rogues can wear leather only
3. ranger cannot wear plate, but can wear leather, cloth and chain
4. monsters do +2 more damage minimum and maximum, they seem a bit weak now that we have class and species bonuses
5. i thought once i saw a shortbow drop as loot and in inventory it was a shield, check the loot drop and item names

6. hitting 'L' shows log of all combat messages and other actions.  (need to implement a logging feature)
7. change halfling bonus from +1 ranged damage to +1 defense, meaning they take less damage from attacks because they are small and agile.
8. add help and infographic toggles information for any and all of the changes made above in the appropriate places and tooltips
9. display the characters defense in the personal inventory along with damage bonus for melee, range and magic based on class, species and equipment bonuses
Big new changes:
9. implement a level system now. all characters start at level 1. monsters are worth 10 xp (experience points) each per level.  Xp is split between all party members.  it takes 100 XP times the level squared that you are on to get to the next level (for example 100 to get to 2, 400 to get to 3rd level, and 900 to get to 4th level, etc).
10. each time a character levels add 12 hp, stamina and mana multiplied by the class bonus.
11. rogues monks warriors all do an additional +1 melee damage per level, rangers do +1 ranged per level, mages do +1 magic per level
 12. warriors get +1 defense protection per level (similar to armor reducing damage taken)
13. warriors gain an additional 3% chance to stun a foe in melee combat
14. rangers gain an additional 3% chance to critical hit in ranged combat
15. rangers gain the ability to summon a woodland beast to aid in combat this uses the same mechanics as the necromancer skeleton so make whatever changes are needed to make summoning an overall thing, as i will add this to future classes or class abilities.  the mana cost is 7 base and the animals they can summon they can chose from:  bear (high health, strong melee and stun chance equal to the rangers crit chance), eagle (does ranged damage, lower health, has same chance to crit as the ranger that summoned it) or pixie (low health, uses magic to do aoe damage but it is weaker than a mages, has a dodge chance like a monk, with a chance equal to the crit chance of the ranger).  ranger summons work the same as necromancers summons, they only last the combat and cannot use gear or equipment, but they can be healed
16. mages gain a 1% chance per level to stun any foe they hit with magic for one round like the warrior ability
17. rogues gain a 1% chance bonus per level beyond 1 to their auto-kill power
18. monks gain a 1% bonus per level beyond 1 to their whirlwind chances and dodge chances
19. cleric healing heals a bonus of additional 2% per level beyond 1
20. necromancer life drain power also heals any summoned undead by that necromancer only (this must be checked in case there are multiple necromancers in the group. necromancer life drain power increases by 1 point per level beyond 1.
21. necromancer gain the ability to summon stronger undead, at 3rd level, 5th leve, 7th level etc, every 2 levels, add an additional undead type of increasing strength:  zombie, ghoul, spectre, mummy, ghost, vampire, death knight, death knights continue to get stronger but are the final type.  each new type gains 50% more hit points than the prior version, +2 minimum and maximum damage more, +1 defense over the prior version
22. there is no level cap but you can use level 100 for now if you need to create set a max for some reason.
23. create a new mechanic to place characters in the front row or back row.  monsters chose targets randomly from the front row only (until we add ranged and magic monster attacks).  if all front row characters die, intercept the current combat and force a dialog to allow the player to select a backrow character to the front.  characters in the backrow cannot use melee with the exception of rogues as they are sneaking around the edges of combat.
24. add a resurrection potion to the tinker to allow the revival of a deceased character it will cost 200 gold.
25. to each level dungeon add a magical portal to the next dungeon level lower.  each dungeon level lower than 1, also add a portal that goes to the dungeon above it.  dungeon levels do not need to save states, they can be randomly redone if this is more efficient. otherwise save the layout and monster coordinates if it is easy enough.  monsters only spawn and move on the dungeon level that is actively being explored by the player.
26.  each dungeon level down increases the strength of the monster levels.  so now add levels to monsters.  this of course impacts the XP given as discussed above (10 per monster level).  monsters roll their health, stamina and magic multiplied by their level.  monsters gain a damage bonus to melee, ranged and magic of +2 per level beyond 1.  monsters gain +1 defense for every 2 levels rounded down.  monster gold rewards are multiplied by their level. loot drop chances for equipment increase beyond the base by 1% times the monster level over 1.
27. make the portals going down red and the portals going up green

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  make sure all help dialog and tooltips and combat messages reflect all the changes accurately. 


================================================


1. summoned undead did not show up in the party roster during combat.  the same issue occurs for rangers, their summoned minions do not appear in the party list to participate in the fight. I also did not see a picker to allow selection of which minion to choose.
2. the level 1 summonded undead should be a skeleton, instead it was a zombie, which should not be available until necromancer level 3
3. on the hire screen, beneath the hire button is the cancel button but at the default resolution and scale it is hidden by the rest inventory and recruit buttons.  move it so the hire and cancel buttons are side by side
4. change backstab to only double damage with a 10% bonus to damage per rogue level - added after the doubling
5. there should always spawn a number of monsters in a combat equal to the number of characters.  in addition to the mechanic of close monsters joining.
6. remove monk from being able to use a shield
7. equipping a ranged item prevent using a shield (autounequip if one is equipped)
8. mage and necromancer cannot use shield
9. a fallen character should remain dead after combat and require a resurrection scroll, i noted that fallen characters are autorevived after combat.
10. the name field should be empty when hitting the recruit button, right now it fills it with a 'C' and then that takes it as the name if i forget to enter a name.  keep the field empty and of course that will require the player to enter it before proceedig.
11. increase ranged damage by 1 minimum and 1 maximum
12. in each character sheet in bag UI give their health, stamina and mana in the combat stats area as well
13. change the monk class starting health to be without any bonuses or penalties.  currently they are -20% health, +10% st and mana.  
14. add the bard class at -20% stamina and +20% mana.  the bard has a special ability to sing a song at the cost of 7 mana.  The song adds +2 defense to everyone and +2 damage to everyone melee, ranged or magic.  these bonuses increase by +1 on every  odd level over 1 (so at 3, 5, 7, etc).  bards cannot wear platemail but can use all other items.
15. add the druid class at -15% health, -15% stamina and +30% mana.  the druid has two special abilities, one is to cast an entangle power, that creates vines that target all enemies and have a 50% chance per monster to add a debuff that reduces the monster's defense by 2 (minimum 0) and reduces the monster's damage by 2.  These bonuses and penalties increase by 1  odd level over 1 (so at 3, 5, 7, etc).  druids cannot wear chainmail or platemail. the druids second ability is to summon beasts just like the ranger with the same mechanics.
16. add traps mechanics.  traps spawn just like monsters, but only at the initial spawning of a level. each square has a 5% chance to contain a trap.  traps are invisible, traps when encountered inflict 3d6 damage to all party members multiplied by the dungeon level.   a rogue in the party has a 75% chance to spot a trap.  this chance increases by 1% per level over 1 of the rogue.  a rogue has a 66% chance to disarm a trap.  this chance increases by 1% per level over 1 of the rogue.  if the rogue fails, only the rogue takes damage not the entire party.  successfully disarming the trap gives a 50% chance of gaining a treasure cache of 10 to 20 gold multiplied by the dungeon level.
17.  give some monsters a poison ability where it makes sense.  when the monster hits someone and the monster is able to poison it inflicts additional damage as a 'damage over time' for 3 rounds after the first.  the damage over time is 1/3 of the damage of the original attack, this poison damage is not reduced by the character's defense score.  create this 'damage over time' mechanic for both players and monsters to be used going forward, this will be the first test of this mechanic.  some suitable monsters for poison are spiders, snakes, or slimes.
18.  give the troll monster a 33% chance to stun the player it hits.  this mechanic works the same as the melee attack does (or higher level mages).  make this mechanic a template for any future 'lose your turn' powers or abilities.  also give trolls a regen ability, so that the troll monster regenerates 25% of its health per turn.  include combat messages to this effect.
19. create a new monster of enemy cultist.  the cultist is the first monster to use magic attacks (mana) that can damage the entire party.  make sure this works well.  this will be a test of this type of monster that can damage all characters (future use could be breath weapons or other AOE type monsters)
20. add five new equipment item slots: cloak, neck, ring1 and ring2 and belt.
21. monsters have a 2% chance to drop an item from these 5 new slots as a bonus loot.  all 5 slot items can have a bonus ranging from 1 to 4. and that bonus is random for any of the following categories: defense (reduces damage), melee damage bonus, ranged damage bonus, and magic damage bonus.  come up with some cool and creative names for all of these items.  there are 5 slots and bonuses of 1 to 4 in 4 different categories so this is 80 different items for you to have fun with.  the higher bonus items should have cooler more powerful sounding names.

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, there is no hurry, craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  make sure all help dialog and tooltips and combat messages reflect all the changes accurately.

bard, druid, alchemist
rogue poison debuff
druid vines CC
bard party buff
enchanter make magic items - needs dropped components
add magic cloaks, rings, necklaces with random bonuses
traps
better graphics


==================

1. i forgot to give you level up stats for bards and druids.  they each do an extra +1 magic damage per level beyond 1.
2. traps that spring need to display a message on the screen, disarming should show a message and reveal if treasure was found or not and how much.  right now a trap hits and there is no indication i was hit, and if i am not watching the party health, the entire party might die.
3. traps need random names and types: pit, blade, darts, arrow, falling rocks, poison spray, acid jet, fire blast etc, get creative
4. there needs to be a way to select the bag icon for other characters beside the lead character.  right now i have to hit 'B' to access the lead characters pack and info and only then is the mouse released to select the bag on charcaters 2+ this is cumbersome. hitting B should release the mouse and then a dialog to select which character should appear notifying the player the mouse is released from mouse look and move to selecting a button.
5. did you add the troll stun chance, i see you added info for regen
6. monks need a better boost as a front line fighter, since they are limited to cloth, cant use a shield and have less hit points than a warrior we need to beef them up.  increase base monk dodge chance from 33% to 40%.  also reduce any damage they do take by their dodge % so a level 1 monk that fails to dodge an attack still only takes 60% damage (100% minus 40%) monks will still be a bit weaker defensively, but their whirlwind offense compensates, and over time higher level monks will be awesome.  be sure to cap monk dodge at 95%, (not this in the tooltip help)


==========

1. give cleric revive ability at level 3
2. new recruits start at one level lower than the main chararacter1, with a minimum level of 1
3. traps that do poison should continue to do that poison damage equivalent to 1 round being 10 seconds.
4. poisoned characters should have a little green poisoned face icon indicating they are poisoned
5. cultist aoe doesnt seem to hit the entire party





====
it is way too dark now, i can barely see anything unless i get close to a wall.  the party needs its own light source that extends in all directions up t 5 squares.  this is the party's torch.  the first character starts with 3 torches, a torch lasts for 10 minutes before expiring and return to darkness.  the tinker  sells torches for 25gp.  monsters have a 3% chance to drop a torch.  the tinker sells lanterns for 100gp and lantern oil for 30gp.  lantern oil lasts 15 minutes and sheds light in a 8 square radius.  the mage character can cast a light spell that lasts 5 minutes and sheds light in a 6 square radius for the cost of 10 mana.  using the hot key 'T' allows the party to select which light source they choose from any torches or lanterns (plus a check for required oil) or selecting a mage character to cast light and decrement the mana.  once this new light system is implemented, remove all static or random torches or light sources from the dungeon.  use whatever cool effecys are built into the programming resources or grab libraries from the internet or other online resources that exist to create a flickering fire ambience if the party uses a torch, a more steady light source for a lantern and a brighter consistent source for the light spell.   I also need you to resolve or implement the following issues:

 1. give cleric revive ability at level 3 for a cost of 25 mana.   

2. new recruits start at one level lower than the main chararacter1, with a minimum level of 1

3. traps that do poison should continue to do that poison damage equivalent to 1 round being 10 seconds.

4. poisoned characters should have a little green poisoned face icon indicating they are poisoned

5. cultist monster aoe doesnt seem to hit the entire party 

6. give monsters a 5% chance to drop a 'magical reagent'.  this does nothing yet but wil in the future support things like alchemy potion making and enchanting.

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, there is no hurry, craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  make sure all help dialog and tooltips and combat messages reflect all the changes accurately.

=============

1. Artificer Class (your proposal, fleshed out)
Concept
A support/damage hybrid who converts the magical reagents already dropping from monsters into permanent tangible advantages: enchanted gear, potions, and their signature feature — permanent golem companions. Unlike necromancer skeletons (combat-only) or ranger beasts (combat-only), a golem persists between fights, through rests, and across dungeon levels until destroyed.

Core stats & restrictions
Field	Value
hpMod	0
stMod	+50% (ranged attacks burn stamina)
mpMod	50% penalty (crafting uses reagents, not MP)
artificers regen an extra 2 stamina per minute
rangedBonus: artificers do an extra +1 ranged damage
armorAllowed	['cloth', 'leather']
canUseShield	false (two-handed tinkering tools)
rangedPerLevel	artificers gained +1 to ranged damage per level over 1
special	'artificer'
Signature ranged attack — "Scatter Shot"
Hits the main target for full damage
Also strikes up to 2 other random living enemies for half damage each
Each ricochet rolls its own crit independently (use existing RANGED_CRIT_CHANCE)
Costs RANGED_STAMINA_COST (same as a normal shot — the secondary hits are "free" because that's the class identity)
Not affected by the +1 shot every 5 levels pattern (that's the ranger's niche); instead an artificer gets +1 secondary target every 5 levels (L1: 2 splash, L5: 3 splash, L10: 4 splash, etc.)
Reagent economy (new)
Reagents already drop via LOOT_REAGENT_CHANCE. Add reagent tiers as separate item IDs:

reagent_common — drops from L1-3 monsters
reagent_uncommon — L4-6
reagent_rare — L7+
Boss/elite enemies drop 1-2 rares.
All classes can carry reagents; only artificers can spend them.

Crafting (new UI panel — opened via party-HUD button or a new 'K' hotkey)
Three tabs:

Enchant tab — select a weapon/armor in party inventory, spend N reagents:

Enchantment			Cost	
+1 weapon damage	100 gold + 3 common	
+2 weapon damage	400 gold + 2 common + 2 uncommon	
+3 weapon damage	900 gold + 1 common + 2 uncommon + 1 rare	
+1 armor defense	100 gold + 3 common	
+2 armor defense	400 gold + 2 common + 2 uncommon	
+3 armor defense    900 gold + 1 common + 2 uncommon + 1 rare	

special kind of enchantment are Damage riders - they can apply Damage of Time (DoTs), debuffs, or flavored stuns
DoTs:  
* Dots last for 1 extra round PLUS an extra round for each +1 of weapon enchantment
* duration of a debuff is 1 round PLUS an extra round for each +1 of weapon enchantment
* damage of the dot is 33% of the damage of the original hit the weapon did that applied the dot. (see special for fire)
* damage of DoTs can stack and each DoT is tracked separately 
* debuffs applied do not stack. a debuff to the target's attack or defense is a penalty of 1 plus the enchantment of the item.  a debuffs duration can be of course extended by a new hit



Fire damage rider	1 uncommon + 1 rare	effect: 25% chance to apply strong burn DoT on hit (damage only,and this should be 50% more the damage of the following DoTs, and last an extra round longer

Acid damage rider   1 uncommon + 1 rare	effect: 25% chance to apply acid burn DoT on hit and a debuff to targets defense
Poison damage rider 1 uncommon + 1 rare  effect: 25% chance to apply poison DoT on hit and a debuff to the targets attack damage

No DoT riders:

Lightning damage rider 1 uncommon + 1 rare	effect: 25% chance to shock (stun 1 round) on hit and a debuff to the targets attack 
Ice damage rider	1 uncommon + 1 rare	effect: 25% chance to freeze (stun 1 round) on hit  and a debuff to the targets attack damage


Store enchantment data on the item itself (extend ItemInstance with enchant: { damageBonus, defenseBonus, rider }). getWeaponBonus / getArmorDefense already sum additive bonuses — hook in there.

Potion tab — brew healing/stamina/mana potions:

Potion	Cost	Effect
Minor healing	2 common	restore 40% HP
Greater healing	1 common + 1 uncommon	restore 75% HP
Elixir of warding	3 uncommon	+2 defense for 5 minutes 
Elixir of wrath	3 uncommon	+2 damage (to melee, ranged and magic for 5 minutes)

Potions become inventory items usable in or out of combat.

Golem tab — the main event.

Golems — permanent summons - impacted by the artificer level on creation the artificer level is noted as 'AL' when applying bonuses to the golems defense or attack
Golem	Reagent cost			Unlock	HP	        Defense	  Signature
Flesh Golem reagent cost: 5 common	  unlocked at Level 1	    HP: 40 + (5x AL)	Defense: 2 + AL	 Damage: melee + AL    Special: Regenerates 10% HP per round in combat
Clay Golem	regent cost: 10 common + 3 uncommon	unlocked at level 5	HP: 70 + (5x AL) Defense: 4 + AL Damage: melee + AL    Special:	25% chance to reflect 50% damage back at attacker
Stone Golem	reagent cost: 15 common + 5 uncommon + 1 rare	unlocked at level 10 HP: 120 + (5x AL)	Defense: 7 + AL	Special: AoE slam every 3 rounds: hits all front-row enemies for ranged damage and 25% stun chance for 1 round
Iron Golem	reagent cost: 20 common + 8 uncommon + 3 rare	unlocked at level 15 HP: 200 + (5x AL)	Defnse: 10 + AL Special:	Immune to poison/stun/web, cleaves on melee (hits 2 enemies for full damage, second target chosen at random)

Golem Mechanics:
1. Golem occupies a party slot (so it trades off vs recruiting another character).
2. artificers can have as many golems as they want
3. golems are Always front-row, always attacks melee, uses its own meleeMin/Max rolled from tier.
4. golems Cannot be healed by cleric or potions. Only the artificer can heal, spending 1 reagent of the golem's tier to restore 50% of the golem's max HP. The cost scales with tier (a rare reagent for a stone golem's patch-up).
5. Golem dies permanently if HP hits 0. Artificer must rebuild from scratch, reagents again. cannot use ressurect potion or cleric revive on golem.
6. golems Persist through rest, dungeon level changes, save/load. Needs serialization in PartyMember.serialize() with a golemTier flag — most of the scaffolding already exists since summons already pass through gameState.party.

Implementation complexity
Easy: class definition, ranged splash attack (mirror monk whirlwind but half damage), reagent subtypes, enchanted-item storage.
Moderate: crafting UI (new modal, similar shape to inventory/shop), potion usage during/outside combat.
Moderate: permanent-summon lifecycle — Game.js currently strips summons on combat end; need a flag persistent: true so the cleanup loop skips golems. Same flag blocks cleric heals.


New class
Paladin — fills a gap: heavy armor + some healing. Plate + shield, 
paladin special abilities: 
1. paladin gets heal button same as cleric's heal but at half effectiveness, 
2. paladin gets a "Smite" (spend 5 MP to convert a melee swing into holy damage that ignores armor). a smite has a 1% chance per level of the paladin to insta kill 'undead' or 'demon' types.  create these tags if they do not already exist, and apply to appropriate monsters.  tell me which ones for review.  while we are at it, create the 'beast' tag and apply as appropriate to such things as spider, snakes, bats, etc
Paladin base (+20% health, -20% mana)
Per level: +1 melee damage, +1 defense, +1% undead instakill.



i have decided not to implement warlock or beastmaster at this time. also no new species at this time.  also the only new mechanic i want implemented is the following:
Party XP share visualizer — a purple bar beneath each party member's mana bar showing how close they are to levelling. 

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, there is no hurry, craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  make sure all help dialog and tooltips and combat messages reflect all the changes accurately.
----



New monster mechanics (reuse existing frameworks)
Berserker goblins — when their HP drops below 50%, they double their melee damage for the rest of combat. New rageBelow field on enemy def.
Mimic chest — looks like a trap/treasure at first, ambushes the party when the rogue fails to spot it. Existing trap framework + combat encounter trigger.
Time-flux specter — turn-reverser: 20% chance on hit to "undo" the victim's next turn (re-enqueue them, consuming the stun slot).
Mind flayer — party-member takeover: 10% chance on magic hit to turn a party member into a temporary enemy for 2 rounds. Existing stunned mechanics are the closest analog — reuse that pattern.
Corrupting ooze — on contact, permanently reduces one random equipped item's stat by 1 until it's re-enchanted. Synergizes with the artificer.
New mechanics / features
Campfires — existing rest system, but campfires are items/structures placed in the dungeon. Resting at a campfire recovers 100% (vs 33% from ration rest) but costs 2 food instead of 1 and takes 10 in-game minutes (advances gameTime). Food-efficient but time-expensive.
Ambient events — on long corridors, random cosmetic events: distant monster shrieks, a skittering shadow across the floor, flickering torches. Pure atmosphere; no state change. Cheap to add — just scheduled log entries with maybe a sound trigger.
Dungeon lore tablets — rare floor items (texture already drawable); "Read" them to add a snippet to the adventure log and reveal a small patch of minimap at a random location. Flavor + utility.
Weapon condition — each weapon starts at 100% durability. Each attack has a small chance to damage it (1-2% per strike). At 0%, weapon becomes "broken" — damage bonus zeros out until repaired (gold at shop, or free by artificer). Small, self-contained — sits on ItemInstance.
Morale / fear — large enemies (dragons, liches) have a "terror aura" that rolls once per combat. Each party member with no MP gets -2 to all damage rolls for the first round unless they succeed on a (level + species bonus) check. Encourages MP-buff classes in boss fights.
Shrines — rare dungeon feature, one-use per floor. Step on tile → pick a boon (e.g., +5 max HP permanently, or full party refill, or identify all unknown items). Reuses the portal-modal pattern.
Trap crafting (tie-in with artificer) — artificer can spend reagents to plant a combat-phase trap that activates when the next enemy wave arrives. Essentially a reverse of monster traps.
Small UI polish that would reward the existing loop
Equipment comparison tooltip in inventory — hover an item and show "+3 dmg, -1 def vs. currently equipped." Uses data you already compute.
Minimap waypoint markers — right-click on the minimap to drop a pin. The HUD shows a subtle arrow/distance to the pin in 3D view. Helps with "where was that shop again" sessions.
Combat log replay — a "last round" dropdown showing the sequence of actions from the previous round. Players can miss what happened when animations flash by.

3. What I'd tackle first (if asked)
Artificer + reagents + enchantment — highest ROI, uses dropped reagents that currently have no use, gives a new class identity.
Golems — pairs with artificer. The "permanent summon" flag is a small but clean lifecycle change that could also enable future pets/familiars.
Potions — small addition, huge QOL. Gives the cleric and artificer economic choices.
Weapon enchantments — makes artificer valuable to the whole party.
Campfires — brief, atmospheric, ties into food economy.
Everything in the brainstorm fits the existing frameworks (class def → CLASSES map, DoTs → activeEffects, summons → gameState.party, AoE → existing splash patterns). No new rendering pipelines, no new core loops — just additions sliding into the hooks already present.






Warlock — inverse of mage: casts from HP instead of MP. Signature "Blood Pact": sacrifice 15% current HP for a guaranteed-crit magic attack. Minor life steal (5% of damage) on all magic attacks.
Beastmaster — like ranger but animal-focused. Permanent animal companion (a wolf, trades party slot). Can tame defeated wolves/spiders into temporary pets (combat only).

New species (small-scope additions to Species.js)
Dragonkin — +1 defense baseline, 10% chance to resist any fire/ice rider, but -1 stamina regen.
Orc — +10% HP, +1 melee, -1 magic.
Gnome — +25% MP regen, -10% HP, +5% dodge (applies to all classes, not just monk).
Tiefling — starts with a low-level magic attack regardless of class (1 MP cost, rolls 1-3 dmg), but -1 defense.


=================
Done

1. monsters at level 3 and above do +1 damage per level
2. monsters at level 3 and above gain 15% more health per level
3. randomize combat order at the start of combat, establishing an initiative order that is followed each round.  this helps some monsters go and attack before players kill them all with a powerful party.
4. for initiative each participent rolls a random number 1 through 12. higher numbers go first.  the following classes get a bonus to iniative of +1:  rogues, monks and rangers. golems and undead have a penalty of -1.  creatures summoned in combat are given a roll as well and act on that roll the following turn.

17. allow minimap stay up while moving, place the minimap modal in the lower right of the screen
19. allow dual wielding add together melee weapon bonuses when a weapon is in both hands, this requires a change to weapon wielding that asks which hand to move the weapons to, main or offhand
21. undead should be summoned to the back row
22. all new recruits should default to the back row, unless monk, warrior or paladin
23. change flamesword to something else less confusing as it doesnt do fire damage
24. portals should connect
25.  pixie has a race of gnome under its character card, it should also say pixie, also change it from beast uder the HUD icon
26. potion of warding and wrath, both should trake 2 common reagents, not 3 uncommon
27. create a designation in the HUD for the character indicating if they are front or back row.  put a green outline around front row characters and an orange outline around the card for backrow characters

5. augment the bard class songs to the following:  hitting V allows access to the party out of combat spell / song modal menu where players can select from a variety of spells or songs.  For this change specifically and for bards create a tooltip in the upper right to indicate which song is playing.  each song can have a musical looping sound song also if you are feeling creative, but make a toggle button to turn off song sounds in the bard song modal.  a bard can have only one song active per 5 levels.  Here are some initial options for the songs:
* haste song:  all party members get a bonus to intiative = to the bard's level divided by 5 to a max of 5.
* battle song:  all party members gain a bonus to attack damage (all types) and defense = to the bard's level divided by 5 to a max of 10.
* healing song: all party members regenerate 1 health per minute = to the bard's level divided by 5.
- in combat change the bard song button to an effect that does the following:  plays an aoe song that affects all enemy targets and can cause a random effect to that enemy from the following:
a.  reduce enemy attack by 1 per 5 bard levels 
b.  reduce enemy defense by 1 per 5 pard levels
c.  damage the enemy as if subjected to a magic attack by the bard using all applicable bonuses and with a bonus of 1 per 5 bard levels.
d.  possibly stun the enemy (50% chance) for one round

6.  cleric's revive ability should exist outside of combat as well, create the option to have the revive mechanic in the 'V' party spell modal for outside of combat, same place bard songs live and for future expansion.

8. in the character info page for each character when you list a class perk thats grant a bonus, note the bonus + also the base chance (like for monk whirlwind, ranger crit, cleric heal, warrior stun, necromancer drain, etc )
9. when generating extra monsters for a combat encounter only add monsters by similar type and categories so that encounters are more thematic rather than random.  group together humanoids for example, undead encounter, vermin encounter, cultists with certain monsters like summoned demons, and so on.  this requires that monsters have a type tag.  some of this may already be in place like for golems or beasts.  expand this so each monster falls under a thematic tag as this will come into play for certain abilties or other mechanics.
10. allow rangers to can choose a monster 'tag' from the following:  vermin (slime, rats, bats, spiders snakes etc), undead, humanoids (trolls, orcs, goblins, etc), or 'monsters'  (drakes, imps, etc )  rangers access this button in their person character sheet (bag) and can be changed but is disabed in combat.  rangers ignore defense of monsters with this tag, and have a 1% chance per 3 levels to insta kill a target in their selected category (you can coin the term). feel free to add other categories to the ranger's choice based on what you created for monster tags 
11. summoned creatures like bear or zombie have a different icon in the party HUD vs what is in their personal sheet/bag scrren.  the species listed in their person invetory scrren also differs from the overlay in the HUD. the icon in the personal screen should be the same as in the HUD.  also the species of the creature should be what is listed in the HUD.  a bear cant also be an orc .  a zombie is also just a zombie (with undead tag) not an orc zombie for example.
12. undead should be summoned to the front row
13. there seems to be a need to increase the number of monsters in a dungeon. it seems sparse after a bit.  increase initial spawns by 33% and double the respawn rate/time.
14. if there are more than 1 rogue in a party, each rogue gets a chance to spot a trap but only one can disarm it (choose which from the trap modal screen)
15. the game seems to slow down a lot after a while, the mouse move gets slow. i am not sure why this is. it is fast when it first loads despite a very large party of characters.
16. i am not seeing XP purple bar gains for new recruits. i think this is because they start at 0 XP even if, as a recruit they are starting at a higher level.  they should start with XP equal to the bottom of wahtever level they are generated at.

x17. under the artificer is says they can use chain but they can only use leather
x18. change crafting damage riders and help info:  
x	lightning rider should stun and debuff attack
x	ice rider should stun and debuff defense
x19. remove the (Phase 10) wording in the help info about Monster Drops
20. reduce the gold cost for brewing potions to 25gp
x21. under the enchant tabs for potions, golems and items the legacy reagents are not treated as common reagents.  I would also prefer to use the icon for the legacy reagents for the common reagents instead of the same icon use for potions.


7. implement a food system.  each half hour each party member consumes 1 food.  keep track of the time for each member.  this food is auto consumed from either their personal inventory (check first) or the group inventory (check second).  any character who goes without food, becomes 'hungry'  and suffers a -1 to damage (all kinds) and defense. missing a second 'food check' sets the character to 'starving' where the penalties are -2 to damage and defense.  a 'starving' state also prevent regeneration of health, stamina or mana.  the third failed food check results in 'dying' status where the character suffers a loss of 2 health per minute in addition to penalties of -3 to damage and defense.  golems and minions summoned into combat like temporary beasts or undead do not require food.  possible future permanent animals or familiars will require food (make sure the framework exists)




1. dual wielding is with melee weapons only, not ranged or magic2
2. move the bard song and spells active indicator in the upper right down to below the text for the dungeon level
3. allow one golem per artificer.  i have two artificers and was only able to make one golem.  have a drop down in the golem tab like you have in the tab for enchanting.
4. confirm that you cannot have an offhand weapon and a shield at the same time
5. make the combat log window have a longer history.  the scroll bars dont go back far enough for large encounters with mass aoe spells.
6. double trap treasure gold and also allow a chance at items, food reagents etc equivalent to a number of monsters equal to the level of the trap/dungeon level.  for instance a trap on a level 3 dungeon should roll 3 times for chances at non-gold treasure types.
7. play a sorrowful tone of 3-4 notes if someone is knocked unconscious/deafeated (players only)
8. sometimes it appears that clicking on a monster for combat results in an instant win with the monster still there or an instant defeat with the monster still there.  take a look at that.
9. at level 4 give clerics a mass heal that is 50% of their normal heal, but heals everyone in the group.
10. add a section in Help about V for party spells out of combat
11. in the help section note that purple bar is for XP in the sections for stat bars
12. in the combat rows help dialog add a section that backrow characters can be hit by ranged or spell damage
13. give mages level 3 and above an in combat shield spell that grants all backrow characters +3 defense for 3 rounds (+1 defense per 5 mage levels, =1 round per 5 mage levels).  this cannot stack, only one mage shield active. disable other mage shield use during that time. the mage shield falls if the mage that cast it is defeated.  keep track of this and also remove the shield at the end of combat.
14. initiative bonuses for monks, rangers and rogues should be an additional +1 every 5 levels.  note this in the character sheet as well as the help file on initiative and turn order
15. remove information about trolls and cultists from the status effects help.  that information will be availale in a separate area coming later
16. in the armor and shields help add a note about shields being forced off by dual wielding weapons
17. in the section of portal help remove the part about regenerating the dungeon, spawn resetting and teleporting to the crossroads.
18. chainge the help information about bards' sing song ability as this has changed to an aoe debuff to enemies.  explain that instead with potential effects.
19. add the wolf summons to druids, they can only summon bear, eagle and pixie.  wolves have a bite that applies a bleedign debuff that does additional 50% damage to the target each round.  apply an indicator about this.  
20. rewrite the tag section in help to explain all current tags
21. remove information about torch dropping from monster drops.  
22. in the trinkets and equipment help remove the word 'now' after 'character' and before 'has'
23. add a help area about food, timing, requirements, and penalties for lack of food.
24. new:  have a lore book accessible with the X button. when players encounter a monster the monster is entered into the lore book with information about it, and any special attacks or defenses it may have, such as AOE, stun, regen, poison, webs etc.  indicate the monster's type tag for information on paladin or ranger effects.  add a help area about uising X to access the book.  add a cool book look to the modal that it opens with a page feature utilizing the left and right arrows to page through the book.  each page details once monster along with its graphic sprite and the information i laid out here.


1. remove the wording 'druid entangle prep' from the Help wording for the 'V' button.  instead replace it with 'Cleric resurrection'
2. change the wording 'invisible pressure plates lurk on most floor tiles' to 'invisible pressure plates lurk on some floor tiles'
3. change the wording 'If you have a Rogue in the party, they'll spot the trap before you step on it and you can attempt to disarm it' to 'If you have a Rogue in the party, they may the trap before you step on it and you can attempt to disarm it'

8. golems should summon to the front row
9. in the lore book the text at the bottom of the page shows the name of the monster on the prior page, is this intended?  it should match that monster that it is displaying.
14. double respawn rate yet again.
15. change color of the player dot on minimap to bright yellow, higher contrast
5. doublecheck and rewrite the Bard section under the Classes help to reflect accurately what the new in combat bard power does.
6. make sure all tinker crafted golems are immune to poison and stun.  make sure all undead are immune to poison.
7. change ranger favored enemy button options to match the tags available for monster types.  
13. doublecheck necromancer drain % works on aoe and checks each monster for a drain and increase chance 5%
12. enchant should show both weapons for characters who are dual wielding
14. change the player icon the on minimap to flashing.
12. smite should to double damage to undead or demons


1. doublecheck the food mechanics.  the help says 'the party consumes 1 food from the group inventory'  the mechanics should be 1 food PER character, excluding golems and summoned minions.  It should also state the food can be consumed from the group OR party inventory.  This is also how it should work as well.  so make sure it works this way and change the text to reflect that.
2. add some special powers to monsters like wraith and ghost, give drakes and aoe+dot,change imp attacks to a single target ranged attack that can target anyone, front or back row.
3. i am still getting instant victory conditions entering some combats.  also one combat gave me instant victory ended the encounter and i was surrounded by the extra summoned monsters from the encounter.  sometimes i can reattempt these encounters and they resume normally.  not sure what is going on here.
4. add possible boss monsters.  1 per dungeon level.  take a normal monster and give it: 5x hp and additional attack and defense equal to the dungeon level.  it has 3x the chance to drop magical trinkets that fill the 5 special slots and rolls 5 times for treasure and drops 5x the gold.
5. change magic attacks from hitting all enemy targets to hitting random targets.  the number of targets hit = level of caster + 4, mages get +2 targets
6. level 6: cleric turn undead.  damage all undead in enemy group equal to doing a magic attack (hitting all, ignoring the new max cap on magic attacks i just asked you to do) and it does double damage, also reduce undead attack and defense by 2 (+1 for every 2 levels of the cleric).  the cost is 20 Mana.
7. mage sure common reagents drop on all levels not just 1-3.  make sure uncommon reagents drop on all level 4 and higher, not just 4-6.  rare can start dropping at 7+ like before.  roll for each reagent type separately if the dungeon level supports it, this is a new change.  also add +1% to chance per dungeon level to max 10% for a reagent to drop per monster.
8. add reagents to the wandering tinker.  common are 500, uncommon are 2k, rare are 5k
9. monks cant dodge if out of stamina or mana
10. dont allow poison icon to appear on golems since they are immune to poison.


TODO:
1. change clay golem HUD icon
2. when presenting targets to heal organize the list by most injured first, and highlight those under 25% in red
3. when generating a boss monster give it a cooler name that indicates it is a boss, maybe encircle its HUD rectangle in Purple
4. golems should not heal when the party rests, except flesh golems, because they regen
5. combine bard song bonuses, bard song costs 5 mana per minute.
6. golems should have melee and defense equal to artificer's level.
7. monk whirlwind hits max targets equal to monk level +2
8. once you encounter the tinker, track his movements on the minimap as well with a purple dot.
9. give rangers a track ability at level 3. this automatically shows any spawned monsters on any part of the minimap that has been revealed.  monsters are tracked in the same way as player and tinker icons.  monsters have a bright blue dot on the minimap.
10. when a character eats some food, generate a message on screen and in the log.
11. incorporeal undead like ghosts and wraiths cannot be druid entangled.  create an additional monster tag for this.
12. at level 5 grant druids (but not rangers) another summon, a treant, this is a potent front row melee attacker that gets a number of tree branch attacks equal to the druids level.  a tree branch attack has a 33% chance to hold (for one round) the target.  incorporeal targets cannot be held.
13. i am encountering battles where I am granted an instant victory, nothing occurs in the log, the banner simply says I have won.
14. dont allow paladin smite if target is not undead or demon.
15. give necromancer ghouls a 40% chance to paralyze a target for one round.  monsters with undead or incorporeal tags are immune.
16. update lore book with wraith, imp, drake, and ghost abilities and tags.
17. remove limitation of which levels certain monsters can spawn on.  update lore book information about this. for example many monsters are level 1-3 only.
18. create 20 more interesting monsters that have not been invented yet.




ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, there is no hurry, craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  make sure all help dialog and tooltips, lorebook and combat messages reflect all the changes accurately.


1. golem melee and defense bonuses should appear in the character cards for them currently it doesnt show these stats.  check druid and ranger pets for similar scaling bonuses and necromancer undead.
2. minotaur, gnoll, dark elf all need sprites, basically all new monsters you just made.
3. change clay golem pic again, i dont like the jar pic, it should be like a humanoid head of some sort, greyish brown and lumpy sort of.  
4. when in the Bag mode 'B' for each character sheet, left or right arrows take you to the next character
5. For rangers in their personal inventory when lining up the buttons for favored enemies, put a max of 4 buttons per line.  so currently demons, cultists and monsters would be on line 2.
6. add information in the Ranger area of the Classes section of the Help menu that describes their tracking ability at level 3 showing things on the minimap.
7. change information in the Bard area of the Classes section of the Help menu that indicates the new way bard songs work.
8. add information in the Druid area of the Classes section of the Help menu that indicates the treant summon
9. change information in the Paladin area of the Classes section of the Help menu that describes the current damage formula for smite accurately
10. add information in the Tinker area of the Classes section of the Help menu that accurately describes what levels the tinkers can construct golems.
11. add information in the Summons section of the Help menu that adds the Treant and abilities
12. add information in the Items and shop section of the Help menu that appends additional information about periodic food consumption per character
13. gelatinous cubes should not have web, change it to paralyzing bite that paralyze 2 rounds
14. change gnoll venom bite to gnoll venom arrow, same effect
15. add an attack debuff to the ice troll's melee attack in addition to the stunning blow
16. remove web from giant scorpion.
17. change dark elf venom bite to venom arrow, same effect.  
18. disable turn undead if the enemy group has no undead
19. change dot for the tinker to purple on the minimap
20. chanbe web on naga monster to constrict a 3 round paralyze.  change venom bite on naga to venom arrow




1. bardsong music disappeared.  allow for a custom mp3 file to be used.  i will drop the file in the location you specify and you play it on loop.
2. golems should be spawned at the same level as the artificier who created it.  this should also boost its melee and defense as indicated before as well as impact their stun chances.  this should also be the case for all summoned minions so that it affects their level and melee, ranged, magic and defenses.
3. create a 'sell all' button in the tinker sell modal that lets the player sell all of a certain item instead of one at a time.
4. change necromancer from 50% health penalty to only 25% health penalty.  change necromancer mana from +100% to +75%
5. ghouls should not be rogue class.  all summoned monsters are of the race/species that is their name.  all summoned monsters are of a class called 'summoned'  
6. necromancer summoned spectres ignore target armor. all summoned necromancer undead are immune to poison and stun (check this).  necromancer summoned spectres are incorporeal with all the immunities that comes with.  
7. for targets that are successfully entangled, put a little indicator under them just like stunned does


1. change potency of summoned undead formula from max(tier, floor((necroLevel−1)/2)) to simply +1 per necromancer level for both melee and defense.  these stats should list in the summoned minion card.
2. grant mummies a potent Damage over Time called Mummy Rot, that lasts until the target is dead.  Mummy Rot does not affect undead or incorporeal beings.  The damage of the DoT is half the damage inflicted by the attack.  Mummies also have a 33% chance to stun the target for a round.
3. necromancer summoned Ghosts should be incorporeal like spectres and also ignore enemy armor.  ghosts can also inflict fear on multiple targets equal to the necromancer level.  Fear doesnt affect enemy undead.  the target has a 50% chance to resist.  failure means a penalty of 3 to attack and defense for the duration of the combat for the target.
4. necromancer summoned vampires can drain their target healing the vampire for the same amount as damage done.  vampires that are killed or KOed are not actually dead, they assume a gaseous form that is immune to all damage and remain so until they receive healing from necromancer drain or regenerate up to at least 30% health.  a vampire in gaseous form cannot attack.  vamprires regenerate 10% health per turn.
5. necromancer summoned death knights have a 25% chance to block any melee attack.  death knights can also stun their target with a chance of 33% plus the level of the necromancer that summoned it.  death knights regenerate 5% health per turn.  death knights have a 2% chance plus 1& per level of the necromancer that summoned it of instant killing the target.  non boss monsters only.
6. change ranger/druid summoned eagle crit chance to x4 instead of x2
7. change wolf bleed damage equalt to initial damage, not half


8. allow necromancers a 40% chance to summon 2 undead when they cast.  if successful there is a 35% chance to summon a third, if successful there is a 30% chance to summon a 4th, etc, repeat this pattern infinitely.  a very lucky necromancer cast might get an entire horde.  this chance is increased by 1% for each level of the necromancer.  As you can see, chance is reduced by 5% for each successful undead past the prior success.  for example a level 100 necromancer would automatically summon an entire horde.


1. allow the splash damage done by tinker scattershot to increase in damage from 50% to 50% plus the tinker level, to a max of 100%
2. tell me if warriors and rangers get extra attacks at higher levels


1. change arcane shield to protect against aoe that targets all rows
2. change golem defense stat to 2 per tinker level
3. change golem melee stat bonus to 1.5 per tinker level and base damage is 2-12


1. grant summoned pixie a special defensive ability takes allows it to take half damage from aoe magic attacks
2. starting at dungeon level 10, trinkets (rings, cloak, belt, amulet) can drop that have 2 aspects on them.  one aspect is always defense, the other is magic, ranged or melee.  the bonuses are still +1 through +4 with the same chance as before of the more common ones dropping.  before checking on the rarity of the trinket, check for number of aspects.  there is still a 75% chance that the trinket will only have 1 aspect.  the chance of the trinket having 2 aspects increases by 1% for each dungeon level over 10 (maxing at 100% at level 85)
3. change summoned creatures (necro, ranger, druid) to act immediately upon being summoned and going on the same initiative as the caster each round of combat
4. change summoned wolf health to be +7 per level instead of +5 and grant it +1 defense per level
5. change summoned bear defense to be +2 per level
6. change summoned eagle health to be +5 per level
7. change summoned pixie health to be +2 per level

remove the penalty of -1 to initiative for slow types (undead and golems) and remove the SLow types section in he initiative area of the help file


1. change potion tab to potions and scrolls in the artificer workshop
2. change the elixirs of warding and wrath to 'scrolls' of warding and wrath.  change the button to say scribe instead of brew.  change duration of the scroll to be 5 minutes +1 per 2 levels of the artificer.  change the wording in the crafting section of the help file to potions and scrolls instead of just potions.  change names of the elixirs to scrolls.  
3. double check that the new scrolls of warding and wrath affect the entire party not just the person reading it.  place an indicator icon and note up near the compass to display this temporary buff in the same manner as the bard song (make sure they dont overlap visually).  indicate time left on the scroll's duration.  obviously check that the buff is being removed when the duration runs out.
3. remove the Special monster powers (that talks about wraith, ghost, drakes, imps) section of the Monster Tags and & Special powers.  players can discover these facts once they encounter them and see the lore book entry.


1. change food consumption to every 15 minutes from 30
2. scrolls that have been read and have an active buff timer should be preserved across saves

1. make it so when there is no light or torch it is very very dark, like 90% unseeable.  you can see 1 square max


1. preserve toggle of bard song music on /off over saves
2. add a 25% chance per dungeon level to spawn a magical fountain (include a graphic) in a random square (that the party can traverse, dont spawn it off the usable map)
when the group drinks from the fountain add one of the following random effects, after which the fountain disappears:
a.  Ahhhhh it's poisonous acid!  damage the each party member for 1-6 x dungeon level and apply a poison DoT that damages every 15 seconds for 1-2 damage * dungeon level.
b.  grant the entire party a temporary +2 melee bonus for 10 minutes, place this buff in the upper right by the bard song and scroll buffs.  it must also last through saves and work similar to scrolls.
c. grant +2 ranged damage, working the same as the melee buff
d. grant +2 magic damage, working the same as the melee buff
e: grant +3 defense,  working the same as the melee buff
f: grant everyone temporary +3 max health * dungeon level (make sure this disappears correctly and reduces max and current hp appropriately),  working the same as the melee buff
g: grant everyone temporary +3 max mana * dungeon level (make sure this disappears correctly and reduces max and current hp appropriately),  working the same as the melee buff
h: grant everyone temporary +3 max stamina * dungeon level (make sure this disappears correctly and reduces max and current hp appropriately),  working the same as the melee buff
i: grant the party a temporary buff that boosts all summoned minions' and golems' stats by 20% melee, ranged, magic, defense, and health.  the temporary buff should also work like the melee buff,make sure it is correctly removed after it times out and in particular the ancillary buff to golems.
j: the party finds magical treasure 500 gold * dungeon level, and 33% chance for a trinket roll.
k: the fountain summons monsters (spawn a random monster near)



give boss monsters a 10% chance to be a mega boss, instead of the normal bonues for boss monsters (x5 health and added attack defense).  give the mega boss 10x health, and attack and defense equal to twice the level of the dungeon.  mega bosses are also immune to stun.  mega bosses have a 5 times chance to drop magical trinkets rolling 5 times for treasure and dropping 10x the normal gold.  indicate mega bosses in the monster HUD row with a special icon (different from regular boss) and prefix the word 'Mega' to its name 

in addition add some new normal monsters:
1. earth elemental (double normal high defense and health for the level) + stun attack.  it has a 50% chance to use an 'earthquake' power that is an AOE version of its attack that can also stun
2. air elemental (aoe + stun)
3. water elemental (aoe + drowning DoT: that does half of the orinal attack damage for 3 rounds and applies a penalty of -2 to the targets defense for the same duration)


todo:
1. sometimes when summoning a wolf it doesnt summon or do anything, but when i choose another summoned beast, a wolf summons for each time i clicked the button before clicking something else.  double check the wolf summoning code, since that was added later  maybe something is implemented weird.  
2. for ranger and druid summons, starting at level 10.  allow the following to occur:
	a. when summoning wolves, there is a chance to summon more than 1.  use the same code as necromancer horde summoning mechanics and apply it just to druid or ranger wolf summons
	b. when summoning a bear, there is a 10% chance +1% chance for each level of the summoner above 10 that the bear will be a Giant Bear, with an additional bonus to melee and stun % equal to the level of ranger or druid that summoned it.  
	c. when summoning an eagle there is a 10% chance +1% chance for each level of the summoner above 10 that the eagle will be a Golden Eagle, with an additional bonus to ranged and crit % equal to the level of ranger or druid that summoned it.  (above and beyond the normal percentage based on the level).  
	d. when summoning an pixie there is a 10% chance +1% chance for each level of the summoner above 10 that the pixie will be a Pixie Princess, with an additional bonus to magic damage aoe and pixie dodge % equal to the level of ranger or druid that summoned it.  (above and beyond the normal percentage based on the level).  
	e. when summoning an treant there is a 10% chance +1% chance for each level of the summoner above 10 that the treant will be an Elder Treant Eagle, with an additional bonus to melee and hold % equal to the level of druid that summoned it.  (above and beyond the normal percentage based on the level).  


1. earth, air and water elementals need sprites for the monster HUD and also make sure they are updated for lorebook entries
2. update tooltips and help to reflect the new level 10 summon powers for druids and rangers



move the mini map up a bit so it doesnt cover the party HUD 

todo: 
1. water and fire and air elemental incorporeal, cant be held
2. undead immune to bleeding (from wolf)
3. it costs extra mana for higher level magic attacks, +1 mana cost for every 3 levels of the caster
3. it costs extra stamina for higher level melee or ranged attacks, for those classes that get bonus attacks at higher levels, each attack consumes stamina, not just the first one
4. tell me if paladins get bonus attacks at higher level
5. create a new class:  barbarian class, they cannot use a shield and can only wear cloth or leather armor. Give the barbarians a rage ability button in combat.  When activated (once per combat), the barbarian enters rage status with the following effects: takes half damage from All attacks, immune to stun while raging and regenerates 5% health per round.  While raging, the barbarian gains an additiona +1 to melee per barbarian level.  rage grants 1 additional attack per 3 levels.  rage attacks cost 3 stamina each.  barbarians have a 60% health and 40% stamina bonus, but no mana score.  They start with +2 melee bonus.  They gain +1 melee per level.  
6. necromancer mana costs to summon higher undead costs an additional +1 mana per tier over the first (zombies cost 8 MP, ghouls 9, spectre 10, mummy 11, ghost 12, vampire 13, and death knights cost 14) If the necromancer summons a horde the cost is simply x2 no matter how many additional undead are summoned.
7. in the help menu, under Boss Monsters, remove the word 'One' from the first line because i have seen more than one boss in a groyup and /or per dungeon level.  and this is ok and doesnt need to be fixed.
8.  Boss and mega boss monsters are immune to Rogue backstab instant kill
9. when someone uses a magic attack, i want the damage spelled out in the combat log to each target that the magic hits.


1. for the various weapon riders, if there is a stun effect applied, a debuff effect or a DoT applied, indicate that on the target along with an icon for the damage type.  double check to make sure the weapon riders are actually applying the special effects to targets.
2. apply a debuff icon to the target of a ghost fear spell.  double check all effects, spells or monster abilities to make sure they are applying an icon to the target with a hover over of effects and duration.  extend the size of the monster cards if necessary to accommodate this. player icons should also have an indicator if they are stunned or some other effect is applied, like drowning or a Dot.  doublecheck and make icons for this.
3. doublecheck that rangers/druid chance for larger bear, golden eagle or pixie princess is implemented and working.  i havent seen any bonus summons except wolf packs


1. change it so magic attacks cannot hit the same target more than once.
2. tell me the mechanics for the bard disruption ability
3. 'summoned' should not appear under the list of recruitable classes or choice for a character class
4. upon using rage the berserker can immediately attack with bonus attacks
5. berserkers auto place to front row upon recruitment


1. move the minimap up higher on the screen
2. mega bosses should be worth x4 XP


1. dual aspect trickets are not showing their double values on a hover over in the character bag sheet
2. increase the height of the combat window log and as a result move the various combat option buttons lower

todo:
1. add some more monsters, harder tougher ones at lower levels:
	a. dungeon apes
	b. hag (cast magic)
	c. bandit (can attack back row)
	d. beholder - gets 6 eye beams per turn, random effects: 
		i.  magic blast: aoe magic damage
		ii. death ray: single target ranged that does double damage and can hit back row
		iii. stun ray: single target ranged that can stun for 1-3 rounds
		iv. anti-magic shield, debuffs player back row with a -10 to magic skill lasts 2 rounds
		v. 	turns target to stone, (stuns) for 3 rounds but also gives +200 defense
		vi. slow ray, targets player front row and applies a debuff that reduces melee skill by (monster level/2) and defense skill by (monster level/2)
	e.  add 5 different dragon types
		i.  red dragon: 50% chance it uses aoe 1. fire damage + DoT or 2. it attacks 3 times with 2 claws and a bite
		ii.  black dragon: 50% chance it uses 1. aoe acid damage + DoT or 2. it attacks 3 times with 2 claws and a bite
		iii.  blue dragon: 50% chance it uses 1. aoe lightning damage + DoT or 2. it attacks 3 times with 2 claws and a bite
		iv.  green dragon: 50% chance it uses 1. aoe poison damage + DoT or 2. it attacks 3 times with 2 claws and a bite
		v.  white dragon: 50% chance it uses 1. aoe cold damage + DoT or 2. it attacks 3 times with 2 claws and a bite
	f. efreeti:  tales half damage from magic attacks, does aoe fire attacks
	g. ettin:  two headed giant that attacks twice and can stun
	h. fire giant: has +10 melee, can hit twice, can stun and adds a fire DoT to the target for 50% damage
	i. ice giant: has +10 melee, can hit twice, can stun and adds an ice DoT to the target for 50% damage
	j. stone giant: has +10 ranged, can throw boulders twice, can stun and has +10 defense
	k. storm giant: has +10 magic, shoots a lightning bolt that can hit 3 random back row members for magic damage with possible stun
	l. giant venomous frogs:  poison bite / DoT
	m. medusa:  can shoot poison arrows, 3 per turn and can hit back row.  50% chance once per round to attempt to petrify target (50% chance of success, use same mechanic as the beholder turn to stone)
	n. hydra: has 6 heads + 1 more head for every 5 levels of the dungeon depth.  it can attack with each head per round.  it regenerates 15% of its health per round
	o. manticore: can attack 5 times a round with ranged at a bonus of +3 over the normal.  it can hit the back row and its poison tail spikes apply a Poison DoT that does damage per round = to the damage dealt to the target.
	p. evil priest.  50/50 chance of either casting a mass heal each round that restores 15% health to all non-undead monsters, or does aoe magic damage to the party
	q. werewolf.  +50% to its defense bonus and regenerates 25% health per turn
	r. yeti.  can attack twice a round with two fists that can stun and apply an ice DoT.
	
	
	make sure all monsters have sprites, lore book entries and have a chance to be boss or mega boss.
	
	
2.	paladin fire aura (new ability paladin can emit a fire aura that does the same damage back to the attack, it costs 4 mp per round to maintain)
	


1. change the paladin fire aura so that it does paladin melee damage to the attacker that hits it
2. confirm and change all undead tagged (player and monster) are immune to poison DoT
3. when barbarian rages first round, dont auto-atack the first monster, allow the barbarian to chose the target
4. warriors and rogues should have zero mana
5. add the following tags to ranger favored enemy possibilities:  dragon, elemental, construct, aberration
6. make ice monsters immune to cold DoT/effects: white dragon, yeti, ice giant, ice troll, ice sprite
7. make fire monsters immune to fire/Dot:  fire elemental,flame imp, imp, drake, red dragon, fire giant,
8. make lighting monsters immune to lighting DoT/effects: storm giant, blue dragon
9. make acid monsters immune to acid damage/DoT: slime, acid slime, gelatinous cube
11. note all monster immunities in their respective lorebook pages
12. remove the beast tag from dragon types
13. remove the cultist tag
14. remove the fireborn tag
15. change drake tags to dragon and remove beast and monster tags



1. when attacking with the dragon AoE be sure to indicate that it is using a breath weapon not just generid magic AoE.
2. make sure blue dragons are using lightning and applying the lightning rider effects to targets 
3.make sure red dragons are using fire and applying the fire rider effects to targets 
4. make sure white dragons are using ice and applying the ice rider effects to targets 
5. make sure black dragons are using acid and applying the acid rider effects to targets 
6. make sure green dragons are using poison and applying the poison rider effects to targets that are not immune (undead and golems)


1. make sure green dragons are immune to poison with the same verbiage and wording as other dragons are immune to their elements


todo:
Expand the components aspect of the game as follows:
1. epic components start dropping after level 15 dungeon: 1% chance per monster, 1 guaranteed per boss monster, 2 guaranteed per mega boss
2. legendary component start dropping after level 20 dungeon:  1% chance per monster, 1 guaranteed per boss monster, 2 guaranteed per mega boss
3. mythic components start dropping after level 25 dungeon:  1% chance per monster, 1 guaranteed per boss monster, 2 guaranteed per mega boss
4. divine components start dropping after level 30 dungeon:  1% chance per monster, 1 guaranteed per boss monster, 2 guaranteed per mega boss
4. epic, legendary and mythic and divine components allow artificers to further enchant items to +4 for epic, +5 for legendary, +6 for mythic and +7 for divine.  This expands the current offering for weapons and armor 
upgrading beyond the current +3 max requires 
	+4: 5000 gold, components: 10 Common 5 Uncommon 3 Rare 1 Epic
	+5: 10000 gold, components: 15 Common 10 Uncommon 5 Rare 3 Epic 1 Legendary
	+6: 25000 gold, components: 20 Common 15 Uncommon 10 Rare 5 Epic 3 Legendary 1 Mythic
	+7: 50000 gold, components: 25 Common 20 Uncommon 15 Rare 10 Epic 5 Legendary 3 Mythic 1 Divine
5. Expand artificer crafting to allow trinket upgrades
	a. requires a artificer of level 20 or higher	
	b. take the current bonus of the trinket slot and to upgrade to the next and successive levels requires costs as follows:  dual aspect trinkets require twice the cost and components
		+2: 1250 gold, components: 2 Common, 1 Uncommon
		+3: 2500 gold, components 5 Common, 3 Uncommon, 1 Rare
		+4: 5000 gold, components: 10 Common 5 Uncommon 3 Rare 1 Epic
		+5: 10000 gold, components: 15 Common 10 Uncommon 5 Rare 3 Epic 1 Legendary
		+6: 25000 gold, components: 20 Common 15 Uncommon 10 Rare 5 Epic 3 Legendary 1 Mythic
		+7: 50000 gold, components: 25 Common 20 Uncommon 15 Rare 10 Epic 5 Legendary 3 Mythic 1 Divine
6.  Allow a button within each character 'bag' screen that allows the player to reorder the character's position in the character order in the HUD.  This of course is purely for visual organization.  the character's card swaps place with the position of the current character.  Provide a dropdown menu for the player to choose.
7. change artificer's golem creation costs, adding a gold component in addition to the components:
a. flesh 100 gold, clay 500 gold, stone 2500 gold, iron 12500 gold, mithril 62500 gold
7.  Allow Artificers new golems at the following levels and costs, expanding the current offering
a. level 20: mithril golem, change its special ability from drain to a force AOE, affecting a number of targets equal to the artificer level/3 who created it.  the damage of this attack uses the melee skill stat of the golem.  remove its fire immunity but retain its poison, stun and web immunity
b. level 25: adamantine golem.  takes half damage from all magic / AOE and ranged attacks after defense is factored in.  its attack is a series of adamantine bolts that ignore target defense and have a 20% chance to crit + artificer level/2.  it gets a number of bolts = to the artificer level/5.  
c. level 30: divine soul golem.  takes half damage from all magic / AOE and ranged attacks after defense is factored in.  its attack is an AOE divine purge that affects a number of enemy targets equal to the artificer level/3.  this attack also has a 33% chance to heal all wounded player party members (golems and undead excluded) of 10% of its LOST hit points (not total hit points)
d. confirm that all golem attacks do not require stamina or mana they are free of cost and not halved by low/no stamina or mana.
8. Expand artificer armor crafting as follows:	
armor can be augmented with special qualities starting at +4 or higher (armor only not trinkets):
each of the following is available at +4, +5, +6 and +7
- spikes/fireshield returns 25% damage taken to the attacker per rank from 4 to 7 up to 100% at +7
- 10% less damage from AOE per rank up to 40% at +7
both aspects can be added to each piece of armor one at a time and requires the armor to be at the appropriate + level before it can be added.  One of both aspects can be added and upgraded separately, but each aspect costs the following:
		+4: 5000 gold, components: 10 Common 5 Uncommon 3 Rare 1 Epic
		+5: 10000 gold, components: 15 Common 10 Uncommon 5 Rare 3 Epic 1 Legendary
		+6: 25000 gold, components: 20 Common 15 Uncommon 10 Rare 5 Epic 3 Legendary 1 Mythic
		+7: 50000 gold, components: 25 Common 20 Uncommon 15 Rare 10 Epic 5 Legendary 3 Mythic 1 Divine

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  update all help files, tooltips and information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.	


1. confirm adamantine golem bolts bypass defense
2. remove adamantine golem immunity to fire and cold
3. clarify 'purges' enemies on divine soul golem, remove immunity to elemental damage


sort items in the tinker sell menu in the same manner as the group inventory so that items are sorted by type and bonus etc


here are new abilities for each class gained at level 20:

level 20 warrior - defend mode button toggle allows a warrior to add a 1% chance per 3 warrior levels to the shield block %.  It prohibits the warrior from attacking but their turn still cycles in case they want to toggle defend off.  furthermore any attack that might hit a fellow party member whether ranged, melee or magic/aoe has the augmented defend chance to block the attack instead as the warrior intercepts the attack with its shield.  a warrior who blocks an attack for another party member takes the damage instead but the damage is reduced to 10% after defenses are taken into account.  a warrior who is stunned, held, turned to stone or dead cannot defend a fellow party member.  multiple warriors in 'Defend' mode are checked for each attack against impacted characters.  
warriors at level 20 gain stun resistance.  base 20% chance to ignore a stun, +1% for every 2 levels of the warrior (thus 30% at level 20)


level 20 monk - at level 20 a monk gains the quivering palm ability (button).  It targets a single enemy only.  It does double normal damage and also applies a DoT to the target.  The DoT does damage equal to the original damage before the doubling each round.  The DoT damage however doubles each round.  The duration of the DoT is equal to 2 rounds plus 1 round for every 10 levels of the monk over 20.  Striking a target already under the effects of a quivering palm DoT, with another quivering palm attack adds 1 round to the duration to a maximum of level/5 of the highest level monk in the group or 10 whichever is lower.  

level 20 paladin - at level 20 paladins are granted the cleric single person revive ability for the same cost in mana.  also at level 20 paladins gain an AOE Smite button.  It costs triple the mana of a normal smite and hits all smitable enemies in the monster group.  It does only half normal smite damage and half the chance to instantly purge/kill the target.

level 20 cleric - level 20 clerics can cast a mass regeneration spell (button).  this will heal each living character (undead and golems excluded) of 10% (+1% for every 3 cleric levels) per round.  the regeneration last 1 round for every 4 cleric levels.  clerics at level 20 also gain a mass revive button that can revive a number of downed characters equal to the cleric level/7.  characters are returned to health at 33% (+1% per 3 levels of the cleric)

level 20 bard: - at level 20 a bard may attempt charm a monster to join the player's team (create a charm button cost is 50 mana).  the chance is 50% + (1% per 2 bard levels). Move card to player HUD. the charm lasts 1 round per bard level/5.  undead, elementals and constructs immune.  bosses and mega bosses are immune.  After the charm wears off the monster returns to the enemy monster HUD group. charmed monsters can be healed by normal means unless they are undead or constructs

level 20 ranger - starting at level 20 rangers may chose extra favored enemies at level 20 and every 5 levels after 20.  At level 20 rangers may use a new ability called 'Explosive Arrow'  the arrow hits all enemy targets, but the damage is halved after applying enemy defenses.  Explosive Arrows can still crit but at half the normal percentage, and they can still instant kill favored enemies, but at half the normal percentage.

level 20 rogue - rogue backstabs add a bleed counter to the target, the bleed lasts for 1 round/5 rogue levels.  The bleed damage is 50% of the original attack damage that the target took.  undead, constructs, elementals and incorporeal are immune to bleed.

todo:

level 20 druid: at level 20 during combat a druid is granted a 'commune' button.  using this button grants the druid a Fae token counter. After 3 tokens are accumulated it automatically summons the Faerie Queen.  The Faerie Queen is same level as the druid and has a powerful 'Wrath of Nature' attack that does damage equal to the Druids magic skill.  It further has a 33% chance (+1% chance per 3 levels) to hold the target for 2 rounds.  Incorporeal targets are immune (and the chance of bosses and mega bosses to ignore this still hold).  Additionally the Wrath of Nature applies or refreshes a Poison DoT that does 50% (+1% per level of the faerie queen) of the original damage to the target.  The Faerie Queen has a defense of 30 (+1 per level) and takes 50% less damage from all magic/aoe attacks. A druid may only have one faerie queen active at a time but may accumulate more tokens which summon another if the prior one perishes. The Faerie Queen has twice the health of the casting druid.

level 20 mage - at level 20 a mage can cast a mirror image spell (create a button) for 35 mana .  this creates mage level/7 mirror images of the mage.  effectively these images absorb an attack from an attacker, melee, ranged or magic/aoe.  the image is destroyed instead of the mage being damaged.  place a litle counter on the mage HUD card indicating images.  furthermore mages' magic aoe attackcs have a 1% chance per every 2 mage levels to critically hit.  check individually for each target hit.  a critical hit does +100% damage (+1% per mage level).

level 20 necromancer: at level 20 a necromancer can turn into a lich (granted a button toggle).  with the following benefits. a. if the necromancer dies their soul goes to their phial and they are automatically returned to combat 3 rounds later at 50% health (+1% health for every 2 levels of the necromancer over 20).  necromancers in lich form that have died and are in thei phial cannot be revived by clerics.  necromancers in lich form are immune to stun and poison and are resistant to magic/aoe attacks, taking  50% (+1% per 4 necromancer levels over 20) less damage after defenses.   the cost to stay in lich form is 15 mana per round.  when a necromancer in lich form reaches 0 mana, they convert all stamina to mana immediately to extend their form.  after their mana has exhausted after using stamina they return to necromancer form

level 20 barbarian - New ability passive gained at level 20.  Each time a barbarian hits a target in combat while under the rage ability it a pool of temporary health above and beyond its normal max.  These health points are kept track of separately and remove first when the barbarian takes any damage (after defenses of course).  These new temporary health are not replenished by heals from other party members or from potions or regeneration.  They simply create a buffer about the normal max.  Each hit adds temporary health equal to 1% of the barbarians normal max health.  These temporary hit points can stack infinitely but disappear at the end of a fight or if the barbarian cannot gain rage to to loss of stamina (doing half damage).  Additionally, the more wounded a barbarian gets the more damage it does.  Once all the temporary health is gone, if a barbarian reaches 75% of its max health the barbarian inflicts double damage with its attacks.  A barbarian at 50% health inflicts x4 damage, and a barbarian at 25% health inflicts x6 damage.  

level 20 artificer - new golems/crafting



1. remove 'a single enemy may be struck several times in one cast' from the combat mechanics Magic attacks section.
2. for the level 20 warrior intercept ability, make sure that the damage the warrior takes before reducing to 10% is compared vs the warriors defense skill, not the intended target, then of course reduce to 10% after. with a minimum of 1 damage.
3. the new advanced golems should be mentioned in the Crafting (k) area of the Help screen.
4. Monster Drops area of the Help screen should mention the new Epic, Legendary, Mythic and Divine components.
5. check stamina cost for ranger volley, should be triple a normal ranged attack
6. warrior defend mode should also disable ranged and magic attack buttons



1. allow paladins to still attack in the same round that they toggle on their fire shield aura ability
2. necromancer undead require 1 mana per round to maintain to the necromancer.
3. necromancer gain a button to sacrifice health and stamina to gain mana.  they lose convert 10% of their max health and 10% of their max stamina and gain 10% of their max mana in return.
4. when hovering over a weapon in a character's personal inventory/bag sheet, display any weapon riders on the weapon in the tooltip
5. quivering palm should apply a DoT note on the monster similar to poisoned or stunned etc along with current damage mult and rounds remaining
6. mass regen should place an icon on the character's HUD pic, more than one mass regen cannot stack.
7. cleric turn undead should do x2 damage +(2% per cleric level)
8. regular paladin smite purge should cap at 50% and if the chance triggers on a boss or mega bosses, it does not kill it outright but further multiples the damage by x4 (on top of the already increased damage).  note this chance in the paladin class help section of he Help file.
9. paladin AOE smite should do 1/3 damage instead of 1/2. and the aoe smite purge should be 1/3 chance.  the same rules that apply to bosses and mega bosses for regular smite apply to aoe smite in terms of an instant kill chance.
10. when i chose the smite ability and then switched to aoe smite without selecting a target it left me stuck in a 'targetting mode' where i could only choose the smitable targets for all subsequent character actions after that.  make sure that if i choose smite and then aoe smite, that it untoggle the target selecting call and reverts back to normal.
11. when checking for a warrior intercept of an attack, check for each target of an aoe magic attack not just the initial attack.  also the same applies to monsters that can melee or ranged multiple times or bosses that get extra attacks.  check for each target for the warrior intercept.
12. level 20 artificer trinket upgrades are not taking into account the bonus already on the item.  for example a +4 defense trinket should be using the cost of a +5 item to upgrade to next, not a +1.






1. create a note about mega boss monsters in the Boss Monsters area of the Help Document
2. DEfend mode on for warriors over 20 should also disable ranged and melee attacks
3. quivering palm needs to keep an internal counter of how many doublings it had.  it maxes at 10 and then the damage stops doubling.  this is to prevent the continued application from adding to its duration and stacking infinitely.
4. change boss and mega bosses immune to stun/hold.  boost from 75 and 90 to 100%
5. change ranger explosive arrow to 66% damage instead of 50%
6. split the combat windows, so there is one combat log window for players and one for the monsters.  they can still be one single combined log when activating 'L' outside of combat.
7. in the enchant, trinkets and potions and scrolls tab of 'k' Crafting, the player needs to be able to choose the artificer who is doing the crafting.  in a case where one is level 20 and one is level 19 i wasnt able to chose the level 20 artificer to do advanced crafting.
9. change the HUD icon for the mithril golem from a flower to some sort of cool looking face.  remove the words 'mithril construct' from its player card in the HUD.  
10. move the card of any monster charmed from the monster HUD row to the player HUD row, otherwise even though the monster is charmed it continues to be attacked and suffer effects from the player party. move the card back to the monster HUD row when the charm wears off.  this will require some adjustments by you.


doublecheck/test:

1. make bosses and mega bosses do more damage. bosses add dungeon level x3 to all melee and ranged damage rolls, and + dungeon level x2 to all magic/aoe rolls.  mega bosses add dungeon level x4 to all melee and ranged damage rolls and + dungeon level x3 to all magic/aoe rolls.
2. stun resist/chances for regular monsters - rider automatic?
3. make boss and mega boss immune to ranger instant kill, instead if the blow would have been an instant kill, apply an additional x4 multiplier on top of the damage inflicted (pre-defense)
4. bosses and mega bosses are already immune to rogue instant kill, instead if the blow would have been an instant kill, apply an additional x4 multiplier on top of the damage inflicted (pre-defense)
5. make sure that the paladin smite and aoe smites are applying the x4 damage multiplier before enemy defense (and of course then 1/3 for aoe smite).
6. make sure that death knight instant kill follows the same parameters, and in fact create a framework so that any future instant kill ability adheres to the quadruple damage before defense paradigm.
7. level 20 artificer trinket upgrades are not taking into account the bonus already on the item.  for example a +4 defense trinket should be using the cost of a +5 item to upgrade to next, not a +1.
8. change bosses should be x3 XP,and mega bosses should be x10 Xp
9. change megaboss defense to base defense + (dungeon level x2)
10. give normal monsters a 50% chance to shrug off a stun caused by a weapon rider proc.
11. mega bosses have a 33% chance to summon a normal version of themselves per turn.  This happens in addition to their normal actions.
12. make bosses and mega-bosses also immune to the webbedRounds effect in case players get a similar ability or have a charmed monster on their side that can inflict that status on bosses/mega bosses
13. give all normal monsters a % chance equal to their level to resist any stun with a message indicating that the monster resisted it.  cap this chance at 50% max.  


test/confirm:

1. update help file areas with the notes on instant kill and x4 damage for rogues and rangers.
2. make the new separated combat and monster windows taller there seems to be only about 8 lines before i have to use the scroll bar.  i want to see about 20 lines, this requires moving the player ability buttons lower etc
3. mithril golems should be immune to stun of all types
4. faerie queen summoned to the backrow.  create a cooler looking icon.  change the faerie queen HUD icon to match summoned undead, animals, golems with the attack and defense notes on teh card
5. In the Status Effects area of the Help menu, for the Stun area replace this text " Warriors, mages (via magic), and trolls can stun on hit. Weapon riders (⚡ Lightning and ❄️ Ice) also stun the target for 1 round when they proc. Bosses resist player-applied stuns 75% of the time; Mega-Bosses resist 90%."  with this text " Some Character abilities and some monster abilties can stun. Weapon riders (⚡ Lightning and ❄️ Ice) also stun the target for 1 round when they proc. Regular monsters have an increasing chance to shrug off stun.  Bosses and Mega-Bosses are immune to stun."
6. update help file->classes->Artificer with information about level 20+ golems and advanced crafting information.
7. while lich form is on a necromancer summons +1 undead when summoning.
8. charmed monsters should also present as a possible healing choice for clerics if the monster is woudned and appropriate type.
9. faerie queen wrath of nature should be a magic/aoe attack that hits a number of targets = level of queen/4.
10. what is the chance to find food formula from monsters/traps?
11. double check how the new armor aoe ward and spikes works with the scaling per AL?
12. a lich form necromancer in its phylactery cannot act.  if the entire party dies and the necromancer is in lich form then the party is considered defeated and combat ends.  the necromancer, if in lich form at the defeat, revives after combat in normal form, and can act normally (out of lich form)
13. the ranged and magic buttons should be disabled and greyed out/unclickable for a warrior in defense mode as well as the melee button.
14. if a warrior starts its turn stunned, rather than skipping the warriors turn, do a check equal to the warrior level x2.  This is the chance they shrug off the stunned condition and act normally.  this caps at 95%.
15. i am seeing a lot of player party messages in the monster combat window.  double check all messages generated b y player attacks, abilities, etc are in the player window.  any damage taken by monsters from DoTs can be in the monster window
16. update all help file areas with any of the latest changes and information.


test/confirm:

1. resting should consume 1 food per party member (excluding golems)
2. change ranger exploding arrow crit chance from 50% to 66% of normal crit chance
3. in the crafting trinket screen the cost now appears correctly, but underneath the item where it says 'Upgrade to....' this is not correct, for example it still says 'Upgrade to +1' for a +4 item. It should read 'Upgrade to +5' for example.
4. paladin aoe smite holy nova wording should appear in the player combat window.
5. artificer scattershot effects should appear in the player combat window.
6. necromancer summons should appear in the player combat window.
7. quivering palm, hover over should indicate how many levels out of the max of 10 the palm is at.
8. charmed monster when added to the cleric's potential targets are called 'undefined' rather than the name of the charmed monster


1. change the help wording for 'R' resting to indicate that 1 food per character is consumed when resting.

test/confirm:
1. change the amount of damage a warrior takes from intercepting a blow for someone else to 20% instead of 10%
check that the wording indicates the increased scale as the items upgrades:
9. does the new armor aoe ward and spikes works with the scaling per enchant level

test/confirm
1. check turn to stone not removing the 200 defense after it drops
2. allow paladins at level 20 or more to revive out of combat via 'V'
3. allow clerics to cast heal or mass heal out of combat via 'V'

test/confirm
1. lich mode for necromancers should be disabled out of combat.  at a check in the case of the party fleeing combat.
2. if i flee an encounter the monsters are redispersed into the room but none of them are clickable, i can walk through them all except the original one that summoned them.  they should become clickable again after being sent back apart.

1. charmed monsters should be considered front row 

1. when hovering over a monster in the enemy HUD show its health status current/max

todo:
1. remove druid summon treant button as it already exists as a summonable option in the druid regular summon options
2. increase the melee damage of monsters that do melee attacks by 10% (set a constant for this, as I may wish to tweak it up or down)
3. 



============== IDEAS ======================================



level 25 abilities:

DONE
Artificer 25:
Grant Artificers a new ability at level 25.  This is the ability to grant trinkets special augments on top of the normal + to melee, ranged or magic.  These special augments work like weapon riders, or armor spikes/wards.  They are additional augments to the item.  The trinket must be level 4 or higher. and the cost to add the augment is the same as enchanting the trinket for the same level as the augment.
each level adds +health +mana and +stamina to trinkets. at level 4 the bonus to each is 5%, at level it is 10%, at level 6 it is 15%, and at level 7 it is 20%.  Note that the stat enchant bonus on a trinket may be at level 7 but the additional augment may be lower.  keep track of the costs separately.

Level 25 artificers can also augment their golems by adding add golem attachments:
these each cost (floor(normal golem cost/5)) in reagents that it takes to make the golem.
these are the following attachments that can be made and auto equip into the golems equipment slots for that particular artificer:
1. extra limb (possible 2) - each adds 50% damage to the golems attacks (max 2). the limbs are 'wielded' in the golems main and (potential) off hand
2. golem shield - a golem without a second limb mod in its offhand can instead have a shield.  adds 10 to the golems defense and also grants it normal shield defenses of a 25% chance to block an attack (make sure this is coded or added to existing code)
3. golem trinkets - these fill the golem trinket slots in no particular order (rewrite golem trinket slots so that any slot can accept a golem trinket, be careful to not impact character trinket slots) each trinket slot item added grants the golem an extra 20% health

todo:

Barbarian 25:
level 25 barbarians encourage their party members granting a buff while they rage.  Other living party members (not undead or golems) gain 3% extra damage cumulative per round to melee, ranged or magic/aoe.  this maxes at 60% extra after 20 rounds.  members can receive bonuses from only one raging barbarian at a time, multiple barbarians dont stack, but can affect each other.  a barbarian cannot be affected by its own buff, but can be affected by another barbarians buff.

Necromancer 25:
Level 25 necromancers gain a new summonable create:  The demi-lich.  The necromancer must be in lich form to summon a demi-lich.
1. demi-liches have defense = 10 + (necromancer level x2)
2. demi-liches have health = necromancer health
3. demi-liches can target enemies with a magical/aoe attack the strikes a number of targets = necromancer level/5.  The damage = magic base + necromancer level x2.  demi-lich magic attacks ignore target defense.
4. demi-liches summon to the backrow
5. demi-liches take half damage (calculated before defense) from magic/aoe attacks.
6. demi-liches are immune to stun, web, holds, poison
7. demi-liches have the same 'fear' ability as ghosts.
8. a demi-lich costs 20 mana to summon


ranger 25:
a level 25 ranger choses an animal totem (grant a button in combat, activating the button does not cost the ranger its turn, it can still attack).  While the totem is active at a cost of 5 mana per turn, the ranger gains the totem's benefits.  The ranger can change the active totem on any round.
1.  wolf totem.  adds a bleed attack to all of the ranger's attacks (ranged, or explosive arrows).  The damage of the bleed is half the initial damage, lasting for a number of rounds equal to (ranger level/8)
2.  bear totem.  The ranger's ranged attacks have a 25% to stun the target (normal monster resistances apply, and bosses/mega bosses, incorporeal etc immune).  The ranger also gains + to defense = (ranger level/3)
3. eagle totem.  the rangers ranged attacks or explosive arrows do extra % damage = (ranger level/2).  rangers running the eagle totem have a chance = (ranger level/2) to deflect any ranged attack against it or a fellow party member and redirect it back to the attacker doing 50% of the damage the original attack would have done.
4. pixie totem.  the ranger adds a small long lasting poison DoT to all targets hit by its ranged attacks or explosive arrows.  The Poison DoT lasts for a number of rounds equal to (ranger level/8) and does 33% of the original attack's damage.  A ranger with pixie totem active takes 50% less damage from magic/aoe attacks applied before defense score is checked.  an intercepting warrior does not gain this benefit.


monk 25:
a level 25 monk gains a new toggle button in combat (toggling the button ON is free like the paladin fire aura). 'Avatar'.  While avatar is running, at the cost of 10 mana per round, the monk regenerates 10% health per round (on top of other features like the cleric spell).  A monk with avatar form active also  has a chance to automatically shrug off any stun,web,hold, DoT or other harmful effect at the start of its turn (similar to the cleric restore power).  the chance to shrug off any harmful effects (checked for each effect ) is 16% + (the monk's level/2).  A monk in avatar form also can chose one of 4 elements (from a dropdown menu) 'fire' 'air (lightning)' 'earth (acid)' or 'water (ice)'  to impose a DoT onto the target of any attack they land.  The element can be changed for free each round.  The damage of the DoT is 50% of the base per round thereafter, lasting for a number of rounds equal to the monks level/8.  This DoT does NOT land as part of a quivering palm attack.  This additional elemental DoT stacks with any weapon riders the monk may have.



DONE 
Mage 25:
create a new modal screen accessed outside combat via the F key for Maeg Summon Familiar. A drop down similar to the crafting  interface lets you select which mage's familiar is being summoned/upgraded/administered.
a. A familiar starts at level and can level up to level 20, however familar's level is capped to the ( mage's level - 24 ).  The gold cost to level a familiar is 10,000 gold x the new familiar's level.  Level 1 familiars cost 10,000 to summon the first time.  
b. a mages familiar is just an augmentation and does not exist as a separate create.  Within the mage's Bag/sheet create a section for the familiar with the icon for the familiar and editable name.
c. a familiar can be of the following: cat, toad, raven, hawk, spider, centipede, owl, rat, lizard, rabbit, snake ( create graphic icons for each of these and have a drop down in the mage familiar modal that lets the mage select.  One chosen it is not changeable.  also allow the mage to chose the name which is permanent.  
d.  familiars augment mage's damage and defense. Each level of familiar grants +10% magic/aoe damage and 1 defense to the mage (work up this mechanic to calculate into the mage's offense and defense.
 

DONE 
Druid 25:
Druids gain a new summon creature within their list of summonable options.  The Shambling Mound ( cost of 100 mana) a. The shambling mounds have defense =(20+ druid level) 
b. health = (druid max health x4) 
c. a single target melee attack against a single target with a melee damage of base + ( druid level x2 ) and potentially stun (45%). 
d. it regenerates 20%of its health each round and if it starts the round at 100% AFTER regen boost, it will spawn mini shamblers that start at half defense and half max health of original shambling mound.
e. Mini shambling mounds grow over 3 rounds (add a little counter to the shambling mound's player party HUD card) Each round it increases in health and defense to a larger percentage of the original (67%, 84% and 100% on third round turns it into a shambling mound with max defense and health.  
f. Shambling mounds will step in and take hits (melee, ranged and magic/aoe) for the druid with a success rate of 50% + druid level/3.  Transfer the attack to the shambling mound instead of the druid.  in the case of more than one shambling mound, each has a chance to intercept the attack.  this works the same way as a warrior intercept.  shambling mounds check their intercept AFTER any party warrior checks.  shambling mounds do not reduce the damage like a warrior does, it simply applies its own defense to redirected incoming attack normally.

DONE 
rogue 25:
a. Rogues of level 25 or more that succesfully disarm a trap allows the rogue to collect the trap (placing it into the rogues inventory).  In combat the rogue can set and trigger the trap (with a special button that removes the trap).  The level of the dungeon the trap was collected on doesnt matter, a trap is a trap, this avoids characters going very deep to get high level traps.  The trap does AOE damage to ALL monsters but is considered melee damage.  The damage is equivalent to twice the rogues normal melee attack, traps also apply a DoT that does 50% initial damage per round to the recipient for up to 3 rounds.  successive traps will overwrite the DoT with the most recent one.  Incorporeal targets are immune to rogue traps.
b. Evasion:  rogues at level 25 or higher have a percentage chance equal to the rogue's level to evade an enemy magic/aoe attack (but not ranged or melee).  The attack does no damage but costs the rogue 2 stamina.  add combat log message about evasion.  A rogue with less than 2 stamina cannot evade.


DONE
warrior 25:
the warrior gains a passive retaliatory strike ability.  when a warrior performs a defensive shield intercept on behalf of another character, they have a 25% chance + (warrior level/2) to perform a strike against the foe that initiated the attack.  This is a normal melee strike from the warrior at 75% damage

DONE
paladin 25:
paladins gain a 'dragonslayer' button in combat.  it toggles on the dragonslayer mode of the paladin, costing 15 mana per turn. While in this mode, the paladin can smite and aoe smite dragons as well as the normal targets of smite (undead/demons).  furthermore when a dragon does a magic/aoe attack against the party, the paladin, if they are equipped with a shield emits a protective aura that reduces the damage by paladin level/2 before any defenses are applied to the party characters.

DONE
cleric 25:
when a cleric of level 25 or higher casts a heal or mass heal it has a chance of cleric level x2 of removing any harmful states from the character. such as any stun state, holds, petrified, poisoned or any DoT.  any time it removes a harmful status this costs 3 mana per state removed to the casting cleric.

DONE
bard 25:
bards gain a new button in combat 'rallying melody' (cost 40 mana). it restores restores 10% health, mana and stamina to entire party








Here are some further level 25 abilities:


Barbarian 25:
level 25 barbarians encourage their party members granting a buff while they rage.  Other living party members (not undead or golems) gain 3% extra damage cumulative per round to melee, ranged or magic/aoe.  this maxes at 60% extra after 20 rounds.  members can receive bonuses from only one raging barbarian at a time, multiple barbarians dont stack, but can affect each other.  a barbarian cannot be affected by its own buff, but can be affected by another barbarians buff.

Necromancer 25:
Level 25 necromancers gain a new summonable create:  The demi-lich.  The necromancer must be in lich form to summon a demi-lich.
1. demi-liches have defense = 10 + (necromancer level x2)
2. demi-liches have health = necromancer health
3. demi-liches can target enemies with a magical/aoe attack the strikes a number of targets = necromancer level/5.  The damage = magic base + necromancer level x2.  demi-lich magic attacks ignore target defense.
4. demi-liches summon to the backrow
5. demi-liches take half damage (calculated before defense) from magic/aoe attacks.
6. demi-liches are immune to stun, web, holds, poison
7. demi-liches have the same 'fear' ability as ghosts.
8. a demi-lich costs 20 mana to summon


ranger 25:
a level 25 ranger choses an animal totem (grant a button in combat, activating the button does not cost the ranger its turn, it can still attack).  While the totem is active at a cost of 5 mana per turn, the ranger gains the totem's benefits.  The ranger can change the active totem on any round.
1.  wolf totem.  adds a bleed attack to all of the ranger's attacks (ranged, or explosive arrows).  The damage of the bleed is half the initial damage, lasting for a number of rounds equal to (ranger level/8)
2.  bear totem.  The ranger's ranged attacks have a 25% to stun the target (normal monster resistances apply, and bosses/mega bosses, incorporeal etc immune).  The ranger also gains + to defense = (ranger level/3)
3. eagle totem.  the rangers ranged attacks or explosive arrows do extra % damage = (ranger level/2).  rangers running the eagle totem have a chance = (ranger level/2) to deflect any ranged attack against it or a fellow party member and redirect it back to the attacker doing 50% of the damage the original attack would have done.
4. pixie totem.  the ranger adds a small long lasting poison DoT to all targets hit by its ranged attacks or explosive arrows.  The Poison DoT lasts for a number of rounds equal to (ranger level/8) and does 33% of the original attack's damage.  A ranger with pixie totem active takes 50% less damage from magic/aoe attacks applied before defense score is checked.  an intercepting warrior does not gain this benefit.


monk 25:
a level 25 monk gains a new toggle button in combat (toggling the button ON is free like the paladin fire aura). 'Avatar'.  While avatar is running, at the cost of 10 mana per round, the monk regenerates 10% health per round (on top of other features like the cleric spell).  A monk with avatar form active also  has a chance to automatically shrug off any stun,web,hold, DoT or other harmful effect at the start of its turn (similar to the cleric restore power).  the chance to shrug off any harmful effects (checked for each effect ) is 16% + (the monk's level/2).  A monk in avatar form also can chose one of 4 elements (from a dropdown menu) 'fire' 'air (lightning)' 'earth (acid)' or 'water (ice)'  to impose a DoT onto the target of any attack they land.  The element can be changed for free each round.  The damage of the DoT is 50% of the base per round thereafter, lasting for a number of rounds equal to the monks level/8.  This DoT does NOT land as part of a quivering palm attack.  This additional elemental DoT stacks with any weapon riders the monk may have.

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly wheren you are done.	

----

DOne
1. summoned undead that die (aside from vampires in gaseous form) can be removed from the party HUD as there is no way to get them back.  the same for any summoned animal, etc
2. fix the 'rounds remaining' on charmed monsters it doesnt read correctly.  it should be updated each round on the tooltip hover over for the monster's debuff.
1. toggle lich form on without costing an action.  this should work like warrior defend and paladin fire shield

Done:
1. add another trinket option for artificers to craft at level 25. In addition to bonus hp/sta/health, add another separate enchant feature that grants health/stamina/and mana regen at +2,+4,+6,+8 per rank from 4 to 7.  This is a cost in addition to the max health, stamina, mana bonus, so the trinkets can be doubly enchanted.  characters with 0 mana cannot regenerate mana above 0

confirm:
1. I noticed a boss monster was insta-killed by a ranger favored enemy shot on explosive arrow. confirm and adjust if necessary that bosses and mega bosses are supposed to be immune to this.
2. add ability to scroll much further in the combat window screens with a longer history retained (at least 3x what it is now)
3. adjust ranger wolf totem aspect to also grant one additional ranged attack per round.  
4. change it so that necromancer mummies' mummy rot ability prevents regen on any monster or healing (for example from evil priest) from taking effect.  on bosses or mega bosses this simply halves the regen, not negates it.
5. make sure that ranger eagle totem reflect ranged attack check occurs before warrior deflect intercept or druid shambling mound defense
6. mini-chambling mounds should not appear on the first round that the shambling mound is summoned

confirm:
1. only the original shambling mound can make new mini shambling mounds, spawned mini shambling mounds that grow to full size cannot make new ones.
2. grant mages the ability to ignore enemy defense with their magic/aoe attacks.  the amount of defense ignored is a % equal to the mage's level.  

confirm:
1. divine soul golem info in the K crafting menu for artificer golems states 'each living ally (including summoned beasts) has a 33% independent chance per round to be healed for 10% of the golems lost HP.    this should read 10% of the ally's lost HP.  change the wording but also confirm that the mechanic works this way too.

confirm:
1. bard songs should not affect golems or summoned undead.  note this aspects in the help file for this ability
2. bards reallying melody should not heal or impact summoned undead or golems.  note this aspects in the help file for this ability

confirm:
1.  increase melee damage constant to 20% bonus, implement a ranged damage constant bonus of 10%
2.  dont allow backstab incorporeal tagged beings

confirm:
1. for anyone under the level 25+ barbarian buff bonus, place a hover over buff icon on the character card with the current round's bonus



confirm:
1. allow more than one quivering palm, from multiple monks, but only one Quivering Palm DoT per monk per monster. Track each monk's quivering palm DoT on any monster separate from other Monks' quivering palm DoTs
2. adamantine golem should not suffer poison damage from DoT
3. demi liches should not be affected by mass regen or mass heal


confirm:
1. add a special item to dungeons.  these are magical chests that appear in the same manner as fountains.  so create a cool looking sprite.  when the party encounter the chest.  several interactions must occur.
a.  the chest may have traps.  It will have a chance fora trap on the chest for every 8 levels of the current dungeon.  Run a loop check for each possible max number of traps.  The chance the trap actually appears is dungeon level x2% (max 100).  Next for each trap, if a party rogue exists, enter a disarm trap modal.  the chance to remove the trap(s) is the same for regular traps for rogues, and the traps can also be successfully collected.  duplicate the same modal for chests.  next, the status of traps disarmed and encountered must be saved, because there needs to be an option for the party to exit out of the modal to heal or revive characters that may have been slain.  
b.  after all traps have been either cleared or suffered through.  the next modal is the lock game.  I want this to work like the classic 'Mastermind' game where in order to open the lock you must guess a sequence of 5 numbers.  the number can be 1-9 and each of the 5 slots is secret.  give a dialog box where the player enters their guess, and then a return that indicates, how many of the guesses have the correct number in the correct slot with a green X.  if one of the numbers is correct but not in the right slot, it is yellow X and if a number is wrong, it is a red X.  so guessing for example 11111 when the secret combo is 45678 would yield a reply of 5 red X's  if the guess was 41111 there would be a green X and 4 red X's.  if the guess was 11411 there would be a yellow X, because the 4 is correct but not in the right place and the 1's are still wrong.  Do not reveal with the response which numbers are in a spot.  the player must infer this.  the number of guesses the player gets should be 10, so decrement this amount each time they enter a code.  
c. pause monster movements while the player is in the chest dialogs so that combat cant occur while they are trying to solve the chest puzzle.
d. if they fail the puzzle remove the chest 'it disappears!'
e. if the player succeeds, roll for treasure appropriate for the dungeon level the same as you would get for a successful trap disarm with treasure, but with the following modifications:  gold coin value is x25.  double the chance for a successful trinket roll, and make 3 passes for trinkets.

confirm:
1. i have noticed that if i interact with a fountain or chest and they then disappear, if i save and reload the game, the fountain and chest are back, which makes them abusable.  The location of chests and fountains should be rerolled randomly upon a game load in a way that seems like traps might be as i tend to encoutner traps randomly even after having already walked over that spot before


confirm:

1. allow necromancer summoned vampires to further have a chance to summon minions themselves. a vampire has a 33% chance (+1% per 3 levels of the necromancer that summoned it) to be able to summon a wolf or vampire bat (50/50 whether one or the other).  the wolf is the same as the druid or ranger summoned wolf.  the vampire bat has the same statistics as the ranger or druid eagle but it is summoned to the back row and works the same as an eagle.  (make sure to update all wording for the vampire bat).  additionally the vampire bat has the same health drain as a vampire.  the vampire bat does not the eagle's crit ability.  a vampire that successfully summons additional minions does not attack that round.  necromancers must pay mana to maintain the summoned bats or wolves as well.

confirm:
1. change paladin defense against dragon magic + aoe from a flat reduction of Math.floor(paladinLevel / 2) to reducing the damage by a percentage = paladin level +10 (capping at 90% reduction)

todo:
1. at level 25 allow artificer scatter shots a % chance equal to the artificer level (cap 75%) to spawn an enchanted drone that will randomly do one of the following effects.  each splashed scatter is checked individually:
1. revive a fallen ally (reroll if no party members are dead) - characters only
2. heal a wounded golem or living party member of 5% of its wounds (not undead) - it can heal golems, but does not require components
3. spawn 2 mirror images onto a random party member (like the mage ability)
4. explode and do damage to all enemies using the artificers ranged attack skill but doing magic/aoe damage.
5. attempt stun a random enemy (normal chances for resistance, and many monsters are immune)
6. crit a random enemy doing artificer ranged attack damage x4 to the enemy 
7. envelop a random enemy in bindings (incorporeal are immune) that will reduce its attack and defense by (artificer level/6) for (artificer level/6) turns.  this is a debuff that needs a special debuff tag and note on the monster card.

confirm:
a. updated combat to reflect everyone dying except phylactery necros and undead

confirm:
1. update the status effects help to indicate all potential status effects available.
2. update paladin help to reflect correct dragon form formula defense vs dragon aoe

confirm:
1. change bat token to match the monsters token/card
2. did another pass at lich phial and entire party dying with only undead minions remaining

confirm:
1. druids and rangers cannot summon vampire bats

todo:
1. starting at level 25.  monsters that can make a melee or ranged attack have a level% chance to make a second attack.  they have a level/2 chance to make a 3rd attack, if successul there is a level/4 chance to make a 4th attack.  (melee and ranged only). if successul, monsters at level 50 and above have a level/8 chance to make a 5th attack. and if successful, monsters at level 80 and above have a level/16 chance to make a 6th attack.  These extra attack chances are triggered off each primary attack.  So if the monster already makes 2 or more melee or ranged attacks normally, each of these additional followup attacks has a chance to trigger off of the primary.

confirm:
1. create some new monsters starting at level 25 dungeon and higher.  still include the older monsters as before but also randomly include these new types:
a. ice demon - powerful melee ice attacks, up to 4 base, counts as demon for paladin smite
b. acid demon - aoe acid + DoT - is able to summon acid slimes, counts as demon for paladin smite
c. foul toxin bloat demon - ranged attack, up to 6 primary.  inflicts poison DoT, counts as demon for paladin smite
d. dracolich - undead but breathes a random breath weapon of acid, fire, ice, cold or poison, counts as undead with all normal undead immunities, immune to cold and takes half damange from magic/aoe
e. evil necromancer - summons random undead monsters 60% chance per turn of 1-3 undead chosen from other undead pool of monsters, otherwise can do a AOE/magic + poison Dot
f. hell hound - immune to fire, can bite (50% chance ) or breathe fire but only on teh front row of players, applies fire dot
g. evil berserker - takes half damage from any melee, sneak attack,  gets level/5 base attacks (with chance for extras per base)

confirm/todo:
add new monsters that claude brainstormed
- undead


confirm:
1. add hag's curse to the hag monsters.  regular hag and stone hag.  30% chance to a debuff of level/8 to the targets melee, ranged, magic and defense abilities
2. update lore book with the monsters above and the newly implemented ones
3. confirm undead are immune to stun from all sources both monsters and player summoned undead.  they should also be immune to poison/poison DoT and bleed, check that the lorebook entries reflect these immunities.
4. make sure all incorporeal enemies are immune to all stuns and 'hold' effects like entagle, web, drone bindings etc, reflect this in the lorebook entries
5. make sure that will all monsters that have more than 1 base attack , that each base attack is rolling for additional attack % based on level.  this is important for hydras that get many base attacks to start.
6. confirm acid demon has an aoe acid + DoT attack and also is able to summon acid slimes.  this info should be noted in the lorebook entry
7. confirm that foul toxin bloat demon has 6 primary attacks and that they are ranged attacks and that they inflicts poison DoT. this info should be noted in the lorebook entry
8. update lorebook entry for hell hound to reflect its 50/50 attack or breath aoe

confirm:
3. incorporeal, elementals and constructs should be immune to stun, check all sources and player abilities

confirm:
1. update lorebook entry for berserker to indicate all powers
2. lengthen the duration of the debuff on the bard disrupt to 1 round per 7 bard levels
4. if the mastermind chests puzzles was solved in less than 12 guesses, grant +20% gold for each guess less than 12
5. insititute a party recruit maximum of main character level +3 (do check during recruit) (this of course ignore golems and anything else that is not a recruited character)

confirm:
1. change cleric turn undead to ignore undead defense.  change the damage formula from: Multiplied by 2×, then scaled by (1 + 2% per cleric level) to: Multiplied by 2×, then scaled by (1 + 3% per cleric level).  effectively just changing the % bonus and ignoring defense.

confirm:
1. icons etc for new monsters

todo:
1. lich magic/aoe damage is weak, add 25% to the damage
2. double check combat for summoned minions.  I noticed specifically that when a necromancer ability to summon multiple undead triggers, those bonus undead never seem to act.  I believe they are not granted a place in the initiative order.  It seems taht this must be checked.  this also needs to be checked for shamblers hat spawn mini shamblers, and for vampires that summons things.  as wel as any future expansions to this mechanic.  this also needs to be in place for the monsters.
3. double check monster version of necromancer to make sure its summon undead is working


confirm:
1. make sure boss and mega boss versions of all the new monsters that have been added recently are available.
2. monsters are still stunned too easily, by a large party with massive stun abilities.  grant monsters a further stun resist constant equal to their level, this stacks with any other resistance they may have.  Unless the monster is immune to stun or a boss or mega boss the total stun resistance is capped at 90%.  if a monster has been stunned and finally is able to act, grant the monster a 2 round immunity to further stuns.
3. while a boss or mega boss monster is alive, all other monsters in the group of enemies receive a bonus to damage of 25% for a boss and 50% more for a mega boss.  multiple boss monster bonuse do not stack, but a boss and a mega boss bonus DO stack.

confirm:
1. demi-liches should get numbered as well just like any other summons, the same for druid or ranger summons, mini shamblers etc

confirm:
1. if a character or monster dodges, shield deflects or otherwise evades or ignore an attack taking 0 damage, they also should ignore and not suffer from any additional effects such as an associated debuff, stun, hold, or DoT.  confirm this combat mechanic works correctly.

todo:
lets implement the level 30 warrior changes: 
1. Summon Squire(s) ability.  button available in combat.  Summons a single squire at level 30.  Extra squires obtained at level 60 and 90.  A squire is summoned to the front row.  A squire has 66% of the warrior's health, stamina, melee and defense.  A squire has a shield and thus a 25% chance to block outright any attack and thus ignore damage and any debuffs or DoTs that come with it.  Squires are summoned to the front row, are the same level as the warrior and get one melee attack per 15 levels.  squires do not get warrior stun resistance.  Calling the squire(s) costs 10 stamina and can only be done once per combat.  make sure squires are labeled and numbers so that combat messages process correctly like other summons.
2. Formation ability.  This button is added to the warrior combat screen. This button works like the defense button in that it can be toggled on and off for free without consuming the warrior's turn.  A warrior may have Defense and Formation both enabled at the same time.  While in formation, a warrior receives a bonus to damage but only if they have a squire summoned or other warriors in the party are also in formation (including their squires).  A warrior in formation automatically puts their own squire(s) also in formation.  A warrior may be in formation without having a summoned squire (because they either havent summoned one or it has died).  If at least one squire or other party warrior is in formation, all warriors and their squires receive a damage bonus of +100% + an additional 15% for each warrior and squire in formation.  For example, a party with 3 warriors who have all summoned 1 squire each, and are all in formation will do +100% + (15% * 6) or +190% more damage. This damage applies to both the warrior's regular attacks, the squires' attacks and to any defensive intercepting retaliatory strikes a warrior does while in defense mode.  Furthermore if a warrior is in defense mode AND in formation mode and any squires they have are also in formation mode (but only their own summoned squires, not other warrriors' summoned squires) the warrior's squires have a % chance equal to the warrior level +10 to perform an opportunity attack whenever the warrior successfully performs a defensive intercept retaliatory strike.  Safety checks.  Each time a warrior or squire checks for a bonus from formation (on any attack or retaliatory strike or squire opporuntity strike), we must recheck the current bonus by making sure that each warrior and squire participating are alive, and are in formation, and are in the front row.  recalculate formation bonuses based on updating circumstances.  whenever a warrior or squire in formation performs any sort of attack or strike, indicate in the combat log the current formation damage bonus for clarity sake.  Entering formation requires 0 stamina, but remaining in formation requires 10 stamina per turn for for the warrior and squire.  if there is not enough stamina to maintain the warrior or squire drops from the formation (updating bonuses).  Finally, any warrior or squire in formation has a percentage chance equal to the (warrior or squire level/2) of performing a critical strike on any regular attack, intercepting retaliatory strike, or squire opportunity strike.  a critical strike if successful does +100% damage + an additional 1% per warrior/squire level.  

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.


confirm:
1. update the main help file to move the class help section to a separate file.  create a link in the main help that links to a separate help screen for class abilities.  the class help screen lays out the class abilities in a nicer format, line by line or in a table with level bonuses listed and then the abilities the classes get at their respective levels,and the mechanics of the ability.
2. paladin shield aura should not soften dragon breath damage if the paladin has not toggled on the ability or is dead.
3. if an attack causes a DoT that applies something the target is immune to, indicate the immunity in the combat log.
4.  player golems should be immune to fracture/bleed effect as should all golems, constructs, undead, elementals and incorporeal entities.  these same types and tags and player golems should be immune to quasit venom.
5. change damage taken by warrior defensive intercept from 25% to 40%
6. rhemoraz reflect mechanic should trigger 30% chance one each melee attack that it suffers, this includes each berserker strike and backstabs as well as retaliatory strikes, etc.  not ranged or magic/aoe.  in addition to the DoT, damage reflected should be 30% of the attack as well, instantaneously.  this reflected damage cannot be blocked by a warrior intercept.
7. confirm and fix demi-liches should be immune to all sources of poison.  i had one get poisoned in a recent battle.  i think it was from a wyvern or dragon breath

confirm:
1. make the following changes to the new warrior squire and formation abiltiies.  
a. number of squires summoned is 1 at level 30, a second at level 60 and a third at level 90 - check and change this if wrong and update the help file in classes->warrior
b. formation bonus damage to melee, retaltion and squire oppurtunity strikes is x (1 + (.15 x squires and warriors)) - check and change this if wrong and update the help file in classes->warrior
c. cost of maintaining formation is 10 stamina per turn, not 2.  check and change this if wrong and update the help file in classes->warrior
d. chance to crit while in formation for warriors and squires should be (warrior or squire level / 2 )  not divided by 200 - check and change this if wrong and update the help file in classes->warrior
e. spell out the crit damage bonus in classes->warrior
f. detail the squire opportunity strike that pairs with warrior defensive retaliatory strike in the help file in classes->warrior.  you have it listed as firing after weapon riders fire.  this may be incorrectly implemented - double check this.  



confirm:
1. your formula for warrior formation crit damage is wrong in the help.  it should actually be damage +100% + level%.  not x (2 + level * .01) these are not the same.  with my formula a 100 point attack that crits becomes 230 whichis what i want.  with your formula it becomes 203. change it to mine in both the help and make sure the actual formula works this way

confirm:
1. make sure that formation damage is keying off both the warriors squires IF in formation and also other warrior characters (and their potential squires) in the party that are also in formation.  


confirm:
lets implement the level 30 paladin abilities:
1. Aura of Righteousness (Passive Aura) - this auto activates in combat. All living party members receive +5% damage reduction permanently. this is checked before the entity's defense is applied to the damage.  Multiple paladins stack in increasingly less efficiency.  For each additional paladin with this ability, the damage reduction for subsequent paladins is halved.  SO for two paladins it is 5% + only 2.5% damage reduction for the second paladin, resulting in a total damage reduction of 7.5%.  A third paladin only contributes 1.25%, a 4th contributes .625% etc.  this effectively caps it at under 10%.  The paladin must be alive for this effect to trigger.

Part 2 of this power, whenever the paladin deals a regular melee attack (smite/aoe smite or divine judgement do not trigger this ability), every living party member (not golems or undead) is healed for 5% of the damage that penetrates the enemy defenses. 

2. Second ability: Divine Judgment (Active, 1×/combat, cost: 50 stamina and 50 Mana)
The paladin calls down holy wrath on a single target. It must be a smiteable target (undead, demon or dragon tag if dragonslayer if active).  It Deals (33% + (paladin level/3)%) of the target's current health to the target. holy damage ignoring all defense — hits hardest against healthy targets (powerful opener), still respectable as a finisher. Against bosses this percentage is halved.  against mega bosses this percentage is halved yet again (1/4).  at level 30 this can still do 43% /2 or 21.5% of a bosses hp again it or about 10% to a mega boss which can be thousands of damage, and is quite good still.  this can only be used once a combat.

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.

confirm:
1. faerie queen fae poison should not affect undead
2. death knight death strikes should not be able to slay undead instantly.

todo:
lets work on the level 30 monk abilities.
1.Ki Charges
a. whenever a monk of level 30 or higher dodges an attack, or via avatar form shrugs off a detrimental effect, the monk banks 1 point into their ki reservoir which is a new mechanic and is displayed as a counter on the monk HUD card.  ki charges disappear at the end of a combat and are not carried over to the next fight.
b. at any point the monk may use the (new) Ki Surge button in combat (which is greyed out of there are no ki charges available) to delivery an assault that strikes every enemy monster.  The damage inflicted is that of a standard melee attack multiplied by the number of ki charges accumulated.  The damage bypasses any defense of the enemy.  the damage, despite being based on the melee skill of the monk is considered magic/aoe damage for purposes of some monsters' abilities to reduce the damage.  a Ki surge takes the place of any other action that round for the monk.
2. Pressure Points.  Whenever a monk applies Quiverning Palm to a target it gains a cumulative stacking -1 to its defense ability.  If quivering palm duration expires, the debuff also expires.  Undead, Incorporeal, Elementals, and Constructs are immune to this feature.


ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.

confirm:
lets work on the level 30 cleric abilities.
1. New ability called Summon Spiritual Weapon - The cleric can summon an undamageable back row 'weapon of force'. Create a button in combat for this.  The cost is 10 mana to summon and 3 mana per round to maintain each spiritual weapon.  Multiples may be summoned.  Each weapon is summoned to the back row and can act immediately on each round, attacking a random target at range a number of times equal to the cleric level/8.  Though it is a ranged attack and qualifies as such for various monster immunities or abilities, the damage based is base melee weapon damage with a bonus based off of cleric magic skill (encourages building magic).  The Spritual weapon disappears if the cleric dies.  It also disapears at the end of the combat.  The spiritual weapon is pure force magic and cannot be damaged by enemy attacks and is immune to all status buffs and debuffs, DoTs, holds, stuns, etc.  
2. Banishment.  A new ability (create a button). 50 mana. Using this ability in combat allows the cleric to choose a target that has the elemental or demon tag.  The cleric has a % chance equal to its cleric level to banish and destroy the enemy outright instantly killing it.  If the target is not killed outright it takes damage equal to the cleric performing a magic attack against the target and multiplied by 20, bypassing and defense the target has.  

confirm:
1. bosses and mega bosses cannot be instakilled by cleric banish, but can still take increased damage, update the mechanics and help with this.

todo:
1. what are the mechanics for minions summoned by bosses?  they should be full power monsters but they seem weaker by a lot


confirm:
Lets work on the new level 30 rogue abilities:
1. Twin Fangs (Enhancement to Backstab)  At level 30, when a Rogue has an offhand weapon equipped, the rogue's backstab becomes a double strike. The first hit uses full backstab mechanics (2× damage + level scaling + instakill chance). The second hit does 1.5× base backstab damage with half the instakill chance, but its own independent crit roll, and the bleed DoT from L20 applies separately to each hit. The offhand backstab cannot trigger another Twin Fangs (no infinite chain).
2. Shadow Step (Active, 1×/combat, 50 Stamina)
The rogue vanishes entirely for 2 rounds — completely untargetable, no damage can touch them (create an indicator for this in the rogues HUD card. The rogue is also immune to any status debuffs it might acrue from Aoe attacks etc.  While in Shadow Step mode, their backstabs damage is multiplied by 2x on top of the normal bonuses ( varying depending on main or offhand)

ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.


confirm:
lets work on the ranger level 30 abilities:
1. Hunter's Mark.  new Ability in combat.  Using it requires 5 stamina and 5 mana, but it is a free use that doesn't consume the ranger's turn.  It allows the ranger to place a Mark on a single target.  The target of the mark receives +15% damage from all sources (from all player attacks and summoned minions etc).  It requires 3 mana and 3 stamina per round to maintain.  If the ranger itself kills the target of the Mark with any attack, the ranger receives another turn for free, allowing it to move the mark for free to another target and potentially killing that target and triggering yet another turn.
2. Beastlord Toggle.  new Ability button in combat.  Cost is 5 mana per round to maintain.  Can toggle for free, without expending an action.  While Beastlord is toggled, the ranger has a % chance equal to the ranger ((level/2 + 10)) to summon a random beast from its list of potential summons.  Each summon has the chance to be a greater summons etc, or a wolf pack, etc same as a normal summons,it just happens automatically. each summoned creature requires 1 mana per round to maintain, in this manner.  summons summon to their normal rows and in all ways works the same as if the ranger had summoned it manually, except it is random and automatic.

confirm:
1. for rogue twin fangs, make sure the wording in the help file and the actual mechanics reflect that the offhand backstab does x1.5 damage instead of x2, and that the 1.5 is not multiplied by the typical backstab formula.  also clarify that the instant kill chance if half normal, currently it reads 50% perhaps confusing a reader into thinking twin fangs has a 50% instant kill rate.
2. tell me the mechanics for turn undead
3. paladin righteous aura should heal on each attack, even iteratives, not just the first.
4. if a ranger kills a target marked by hunters mark and you advance player turn does that run through all DoTs running on monsters and decrement rounds of duration for things?  This seems counter to what I would want as it would burn a round where monks couldnt maintain quivering palm and also unfairly apply more Dots to players or enemies, as well as decrement rounds on various running effects without them being able to be used because of the 'free skip'

in progress:
1. change cleric undead damage formula and all help and tooltips describing the damage to  (magic roll + bonuses) × 2 × (1 + 5% per cleric level).  effectively we are just changing the 3% to 5% for a little extra oomph

confirm:
1. the reposition summons button disappeared from the ranger combat buttons option.


confirm:
1. ranger help needs to detail the summon woodland beast ability with the powers of the summoned minions

in progress:
1. make stuns and holds distinct from each other.  
a. monsters with the following tags are immune outright to stuns:  undead, construct, elemental, incorporeal.  player summoned undead and constructs are immune to these as well.  necromancers in lich form are immune to these stuns.
b. obviously all monsters have a chance to resist a stun for sake of balance, and bosses and mega bosses are immune by default
the following player/summoned based items are stuns:
- player melee stuns
- bear totem ranged stun for rangers
- mage magic barrage stun
- bard dissonent chord stun
- summoned bears stun
- summoned mummy stun
- death knight stun
- shambling mound stun
the following monster abilities are stuns:
- various monster melee stuns
- various aoe sonic or psychic stuns

classify holds as a separate category.  Incorporeal monsters are immune to holds.  incorporeal player summons are immune to holds ( like ghosts and spectres)
the following player abilities are holds
- summoned ghoul paralyze (this gets special attention in that undead, constructs, and elemental are also immune  to this. perhaps create a separate sub category of holds for PARALYSIS attacks)
- treant/elder treant holds
- artificer drone bind ability
- faerie queen hold
- druid entangle
the following monster abilties are holds:
- web attacks from various monsters
- paralysis from various monsters (special note, just like ghoul paralysis, undead, constructs, and elementals as well as necromancers in lich form resist paralysis).  perhaps create a separate sub category of holds for PARALYSIS attacks
- naga constrict

confirm:
2. i want undead, constructs, elementals, incorporeal all to be immune to mummy rot as well.  necromancers in lich form should also be immune from monster mummy rot.


confirm:
1. update all help files and tooltips to reflect the changes to stun and hold distinctions, with a special distinction for paralysis holds. as well as changes to mummy rot.

confirm:
the help file for burning says undead and golems are immune to burning.  This is incorrect.  check the code as well as fix the help file.  Only certain fire based monsters are immune to burning.

confirm:
remove the player summoned undead immunity to burn.

confirm:
1. entities with the incorporeal,construct and elemental tags should be immune to beholder petrify. add this check and update the help file.
2. update drone binding help to indicate incorporeal and bosses/mega bosses are immune.
3. update pixie totem poison help to explain certain monster tags are immune to poison.
4. update the monster tags section of the general help area to include all tags and descriptions.

confirm:
1. still missing the button for rangers to reorder summoned minions row location.
2. double check boss/mega boss summons, they are still very weak
3. player summoned undead are immune to water elemental drowning DoT

confirm:
i dont think you are understanding the summoned minion issue.  the minions summoned by a mega boss should be eaxctly the same as a regular monster in all respects.  use the same generation process to generate these summoned monsters the same as you do when you spawn monsters for a combat at the start.  its the summoned monsters health that are very tiny.  all stats should be the same as a normal monster, compare the code, make  it work


confirm:
1. are constructs and elementals immune to poison DoTs?  check and make them so if they are not.  update the help in the monster tags of help dialog.
2. change this line in BOSS monsters help from "A 👑 Boss may spawn per dungeon level — a crowned variant of a normal monster with dramatically increased power."  to "A 👑 Boss may occasionaly spawns — a crowned variant of a normal monster with dramatically increased power."
3. in the boss and mega boss immunity you discuss them being immune to Monk Quivering Palm hold, I know of no such mechanic.  confirm what this statement is referring to and remove it if irrelevant.  If there is some such mechanic for a hold tied to quivering palm, explaint it to me.
4. adjust the help section under golems in the crafting area.  it states under each golem type that they are immune to poison, stun and web.  change this line to indicate that as constructs they are immune to certain effects such as poison, stun or paralysis/petrification.
5. change the line 'Only one golem per artificer at a time to reflect that this is the case only until level 30.



done:
Make the following changes to woodland summons
1. Bears and Giant bears: 
a. change both ranger and druid bear/giant bear chance to stun is = 15 + level * 2.  this overwrites the chances for ranger bears using the ranger crit chance, and the flat 20% for druids. this will result in a lower chance than before for high level rangers and a higher chance than before for druids.  stun overall is less effective than before since stun locking monsters was too easy.  
b. increase bear damage min and max by 1 per 5 ranger or druid levels above and beyond current levels. (this is a slight buff due to stun being not that potent)
c. increase giant bear damage min and max by 1 per 3 ranger or druid levels  above and beyond current levels. (this is a slight buff due to stun being not that potent)
d. grant bears/giant bears an extra attack equal to druid or ranger level/25 
e. grant bears/giant bears a chance to ignore stuns = druid or ranger level.
f. giant bears get 25% more health
g. update druid and ranger help files.

2. Wolves:
a. change wolf bleed duration = 3 + (druid or ranger level/33).  insure that bleed DoTs from multiple wolves can stack on the same target, track each separately.  a wolf that bites the same target applies a new DoT to it, also allowing for separate bleeds from the same wolf.  This can stack quite a bit.
b. grant wolves an extra attack equal to druid or ranger level/33.  these bonus attacks target a separate enemy.
c. update druid and ranger help files.
 
3. Eagles:
a. change eagle crit chance to 20% + (level x2% of the cleric or druid).  
b. change crit damage from x4 to: x4 + an additional percentage additive to the x4 of level x2 of the druid or ranger.  Thus a level 30 eagle does x4.6 damage on a crit.
c. grant eagles an extra attack equal to druid or ranger level/33.  these bonus attacks target the same enemy.
d. no change to the damage of eagle or great eagle, keep it as is with golden eagles getting a level bonus above the normal scaling.
e. golden eagles get 25% more health
f. eagles get a defense score = ranger or druid level. golden eagles add 5 to this.
g. update druid and ranger help files.


4. Pixies:
a. change dodge percent for both ranger and druid pixies to = 25% + (level of ranger or druid) = capped at 90%
b. no change to pixie or pixie princess damage
c. fix the pixie princess bug in the help file stating that the princess hits +1 enemies, since pixies hit all enemies.
d. pixies get a defense score = (ranger or druid level)/2. pixie princesses add 3 to this.
e. update druid and ranger help files.

5. Treants:
a. no change to health or damage
b. no change to hold percent, although some targets will be immune to holds.  a recent change should have differentiated between stuns and holds.  holds should more or less affect all things that are not incorporeal, and that are not bosses or mega bosses.
c. change treant defense to druid/ranger level * 1.5
d. treants are immune to stun even though they are not a construct, undead, incorporeal or elemental  create a PLANT tag for treants/elder treants and shambling mounds and mini shamblers.  Apply this plant tag to appropriate monsters (like myconids, shriekers, etc) - do nothing else with the plant tag yet.  i must consider whether i want this tag to do more at this time.  
e. treants take 50% more damage from fire DoTs.
f. grant treants an extra attack equal to druid or ranger level/33.  these bonus attacks target differnt enemies (large branches).
g. treants are immune to bleed DoTs and paralysis subtypes of holds
h. update druid and ranger help files.


6. Shambling mounds and mini-shamblers
a. shambling mounds and mini shamblers are immune to bleed DoTs
b. shambling mounds and mini shamblers are immune to stun and paralysis subtypes of holds


ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.


==

done:
1. sometimes i click a button in combat for someone, it can be anyone, seems like any ability, and nothing happens, and then i click it again and the action activates, but it goes twice. i am unsure why this is but needs to be fixed.  this happened more than once on gathering fae tokens.  and then the druid is treated as having gone twice and collects an additional token.  happened on a warrior defend, happened on a barbarian attack.  i dont think it is tied to certain abilities, but possibly an event that should occur after that that is not triggering correctly, possibly even a monster ability.   really ultrathink and deep dive this combat issue to resolve it,examining all possibilities that might cause this 'double' turn and button click no response 
2. investigate ranger hunters mark kill.  is the ranger itself getting anotehr turn, how are these mechanics working, if you are incrementing the entire turn this is not good.  as all DoTs etc run and buffs or debuffs burn a round.  quivering Palm decrements duration without being refreshed etc
3. when the faerie queen answers the call, it is not necessary to publish the stats in the combat log.  
4. when the faerie queen unleashes wrath of nature, be more explicit in the log which targets are being hit and for what damage and effects.
5. when a rogue level 30+ shadow steps this action is for free and does not consume their action for the round.
6. rangers still do not have a button that allows them to reposition any summons like other characters.  really take a deep look in the ranger combat HUD to determine why and fix it.

done:
look at this screenshot, it still shows that the ranger HUD is missing the Reposition Summons (free) button.  furhtermore this is a level 30 ranger, it is missing the hunters mark button and beastlord toggle buttons.  Fix this.  



todo:
1. make sure that main backstab bleed and twin fangs bleed are tracked as separate DoTs.  also make sure that different rogues' bleed DoTs are tracked separately as well, in the way multiple monk quivering palms are or wolf bleed DoTs are.  every time a rogue or any effect that causes bleed treat this is a separate DoT, since it is a different wound effectively, do not refresh current bleeds, each bleed has its own DoT tracker and duration.  In fact double check all sources of bleed DoTs and chance or confirm that each time an attack applies a bleed it applies it and tracks it separately from all previous bleed DoTs.  this can lead to massive bleeding nicely.
2. iron golem monster - change their poison gas cloud to a 50% chance per round in addition to its single slam attack. it can perform both on some rounds.  change the melee damage bonus of the slam from +5 to +25.
3. constructs are immune to fear.  create a psychic tag for all psychic, mind or charm related abilities. this includes bard charm, undead fear, and many abilities of various monsters such as mind flayer stun, various monster charms like succubus charm/stun, aboleth enslavement.  undead, and constructs, both player and monsters should be immune to all psychic tagged effects.
4. indicate on monsters that are in the same group as a boss or mega-boss via a special buff tag if there are doing extra damage due to the boss or mega boss presence.  confirm this mechanic and also note it in the help for bosses and mega bosses
5. when determining which warrior does an intercepting block on an attack, the warrior with the most health should be the one that attempts the intercept, instead of either linear or random, however it is now.
6. when choosing an ability or attack in combat the previous 'cancel' option to back out of the ability or attack is gone, this should be returned so that in the case of a misclick or the wish to explore potential targets, the player can exit the choice and make another one.


done:
1. golems need to auto-upgrade in stats when artificers level.  perform a check when an artificer levels and adjust the stats of any golem it owns. since this is also coming after i have had an artificer level, perform this check when a game loads (for now) to make sure that any golem has the right stats.


done:
2. remove golem level check from load.

done:
1. hunter's mark should place a info debuff on the target enemy in its HUD card


done:
re-add the golem check on load, and this time make sure that it accounts for golem trinkets that may affects its max health.  i had a golem rerefresh its stats to match the artificer level, but it didnt get bonus health from trinkets.

i think ok:
1. look at hunters mark and see how the double turn works....

in progress/continue:
1. make totem bleed like other bleed effects. for each arrow that a wolf totem hits and applies bleed apply a separate wolf totem bleed debuff just like regular bleeds.

done:
1. golem check on load, it seems to work correctly now.

in progress:
lets work on the new druid level 30 abilities:
1.  Wild Shape (New Mechanic: Transformation, Active, 30 MP initial cost + 5 per round to maintain)
The druid shapeshifts into a powerful beast form.  if the mana cost to maintain is not met, the beast form ends.  It is a free action to toggle it on and select the form from a drop down.  the forms available are:

a. Bear Form — benefits: druid max and current HP doubles (be sure to remove after wild shape ends and at the end of combat), the druid gains a 'Bear Attack' button that performs a number of melee attacks equal to druid level/7.  These melee attacks use the druids magic skill instead of their melee skill.  the druid is autopromoted to the front row and the druids melee, magic/aoe and ranged buttons are disabled (similar to how a warriors attacks are disabled).  the melee attacks target a single target in melee and each attack has a (25% + (druid level/2)) chance to stun the foe, checked on each attack.  normal enemy resists are checked and the usual immunities are processed for tags that are immune to stun, etc.  Furthermore druid defense increases by druid level/3.  also removed after wild shape ends.  any bears or great bears summoned by the druid receive a special buff while the druid is in bear form (removed if the druid dies or exits wild shape).  those bears receive an extra attack per round, they do 50% more damage and receive druid level/3 in bonus defense.  While in bear form, whenever the druid summons a bear, it summons an extra bear (with separate % chance to become a giant bear)

b. Wolf Form — benefits: (be sure to remove after wild shape ends and at the end of combat), the druid gains a 'Wolf Attack' button that performs a number of melee attacks equal to druid level/5.  These melee attacks use the druids magic skill instead of their melee skill.  the druid is autopromoted to the front row and the druids melee, magic/aoe and ranged buttons are disabled (similar to how a warriors attacks are disabled).  the melee attacks SEPARATE targets in melee and each attack has a (50% + (druid level/2)) chance to apply a bleed debuff that does damage of the attack inflicted/2 per round for rounds =(druid level/5) on each attack.  normal enemy resists are checked and the usual immunities are processed for tags that are immune to bleeding (undead, incorporeal, constructs, elementals, etc.  Furthermore druid defense increases by druid level/4.  also removed after wild shape ends.  any wolves summoned by the druid receive a special buff while the druid is in wolf form. (removed if the druid dies or exits wild shape) those wolves receive an extra attack per round, they do 50% more damage and receive druid level/3 in bonus defense. While in wolf form, whenever the druid summons a wolf add 25% to the base roll for additonal rolls ( normally this is 40% ).  preserve the level based bonus on top of this.  this allows for a larger chance to summon a big pack.
  
c. Storm Eagle Form —  (be sure to remove after wild shape ends and at the end of combat), the druid gains an 'Eagle Attack' button that performs a number of ranged attacks equal to druid level/6.  These ranged attacks use the druids magic skill instead of their ranged skill.  the druid is remains in the back row and the druids melee, magic/aoe and ranged buttons are disabled (similar to how a warriors attacks are disabled).  the ranged attacks  targets a single targer each attack has a (50% + (druid level/2)) chance to crit for damage of +(100% + druid levelx2% ) ie a druid of level 30 crits for 260% damage.  The druid gains a chance = druid level to completely evade a ranged attack only (not melee or magic/aoe).  this is checked before warrior intercept and shambling mound defense intercept, but if the evasion fails the warrior and shambler defenses can trigger.  this evasion pre-check potentially saves the warrior or shamler from taking any damage.  this buff is removed after wild shape ends or the druid dies.  any eagle or golden eagles summoned by the druid receive a special buff while the druid is in eagle form. (removed if the druid dies or exits wild shape) those eagles receive an extra attack per round, they do 50% more damage and receive druid level/3 in bonus defense.  While in eagle form, whenever the druid summons an eagle, it summons an extra eagle (with separate % chance to become a golden eagle)

d. Pixie Form  -  (be sure to remove after wild shape ends and at the end of combat), the druid gains a 'Pixie Attack' button that performs a magical aoe attack striking all targets.  This attack is the same as the druids normal magic/aoe skill execpt that it hits all targets automatically.  the druid is remains in the back row and the druids melee, magic/aoe and ranged buttons are disabled (similar to how a warriors attacks are disabled).  The druid takes half damage from magic/aoe attacks.  this buff is removed after wild shape ends or the druid dies.  any pixies or pixie princess summoned by the druid receive a special buff while the druid is in pixie form. (removed if the druid dies or exits wild shape) those pixies do 75% more damage and receive druid level/4 in bonus defense.  While in pixie form, whenever the druid summons a pixie, it summons an extra pixie (with separate % chance to become a pixie princess)

e. Treant form  - benefits: druid max and current HP doubles (be sure to remove after wild shape ends and at the end of combat), the druid gains a 'Treant Attack' button that performs a number of melee attacks equal to druid level/7.  These melee attacks use the druids magic skill instead of their melee skill.  the druid is autopromoted to the front row and the druids melee, magic/aoe and ranged buttons are disabled (similar to how a warriors attacks are disabled).  the melee attacks targets multiple targets in melee and each attack has a (25% + (druid level/2)) chance to apply a hold to the foe for 1 round, checked on each attack.  normal enemy resists are checked and the usual immunities are processed for tags that are immune to holds, etc.  Furthermore druid defense increases by druid level/3.  also removed after wild shape ends.  any treants or elder treants summoned by the druid receive a special buff while the druid is in treant form (removed if the druid dies or exits wild shape).  those treants receive an extra attack per round, they do 50% more damage and receive druid level/3 in bonus defense.  While in treant form, whenever the druid summons a treant, it summons an extra treant (with separate % chance to become an elder treant)

second level 30 druid ability:

2. Verdant Surge (Enhancement to Entangle)
Entangle evolves at level 30. Each entangled enemy now takes nature DoT damage per round equal to a magical attack from the druid.  This Dot of thorns and thrashing vines is ignored by incorporeal enemies. An entangled enemy that is re-entangled refreshes the duration. Furthermore, enemies subjected to verdant surge have a 25% chance for each round they are entangled to lose their action due to being caught in the vines and thorns.  (bosses and mega-bosses immune to hold as well as any enemy that ignores HOLDs. 



ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.


--When Bear/Treant form ends (toggled off or upkeep fails), what happens to the druid's HP?"="Clamp to halved max", "Wild Shape form switching — can the druid change directly from Bear → Wolf, or must they toggle off first?"="Toggle off first", "Wolf Form 'separate targets in melee' — how are targets chosen for each of the floor(level/5) attacks?"="Each attack targets a different random front enemy", "Summon form buffs — do already-summoned beasts get the buff when the druid enters Wild Shape?"="Yes — all living druid-owned matching beasts gain the buff immediately". You can now continue with these answers in mind.


==
confirm:
MAGE:
understand mage mana costs per target
understand necro extra summon percentage

new Mage level 30 abilities:
1. Arcane Overload: scaling chances for second and successive attacks.  (use same percentage as necrom summons scaling). potential mana cost: mana cost is massive, a second burst is x2 mana, a third burst is x4 mana, etc each burst doubling the mana cost.  mages will probably have 600 mana or more by level 30 possibly more with trinkets.  this allows stuff like bard mana replenish to be more valuable.
2. Elemental Rift:  The mage create an elemental rift at the cost of 100 mana.  this is usable only once per combat. the rift created becomes a buff note on the mage's HUD card.  maintaining a rift is 10 mana per turn.  the rift closes if the mage cannot maintain the mana cost.  Each turn an active rift buff has a chance = the mage level +20 (capped at 100) to summon an elemental.  The type is random among 4 types.  water, air, earth, or fire.  the elementals operate exactly the same as the monster versions of these elementals.  
a. base stats for elementals.  
- health: (level squared) / 3
- defense: level x 1.5
- offense skill (melee, ranged and magic all = level 1.5). damage = normal base + this skill.
- elementals in addition to immunities afforded by their elemental tags are immune to charm effects from various monsters, like sucucubus, aboleth enslavement, etc
b. earth elementals: 2x health, +20 defense. 1 melee attack with a stun chance = to mage level. (with typical monster immunities checked).  earth elemental has a chance = 20 + (mage level/2) to instead do an AOE attack against all enemies.  This has a chance to stun the enemy = (half mage level) for 1 round.  has the and elemental tags and is immune to poison.

c. air elemental: gains the incorporeal tag with associated immunities.  Immune to lightning related DoTs and debuffs.  has the and elemental tags and is immune to poison in addition to other immunities from elemental and incorporeal tags (like stuns and holds).  performs a single aoe attack per round doing damage to all enemies with a chance = mage level to stun the target for 1 round.

d.  water elemental: gains the incorporeal tag with associated immunities.  Immune to cold related DoTs and debuffs.  has the elemental tag and is immune to poison in addition to other immunities from elemental and incorporeal tags (like stuns and holds). performs a single aoe attack per round doing damage to all enemies.  living targets suffer a drowning DoT for (mage level/10) rounds that does base damage for each of those rounds and suffer -2 to defense while drowning.  monsters with the following tags are immune to this drowning DoT: undead, elementals, constructs, incorporeal, demon, plant

e. fire elemental: : gains the incorporeal tag with associated immunities.  Immune to fire related DoTs and debuffs.  has the elemental tag and is immune to poison in addition to other immunities from elemental and incorporeal tags (like stuns and holds).  performs a single aoe attack per round with a chance = mage level to stun the target.  performs a single aoe attack per round.  living targets suffer a burning DoT for (mage level/10) rounds that does base damage for each of those rounds.  some monsters are immune to the fire DoT and may not suffer damage from it such as flame imps, fire elementals, red dragons, etc.


confirm:
1. wild shape form did not disable melee, ranged or magic attack buttons like it should have
2. pixies seem to have been nerfed to a single attack.  they should be hitting all targets with their aoe.
3. damage from druid wild shape beastform needs tweaking.  
a. treant and bear form should be gain a x2 damage modifier
b. pixie form damage should increase by 20%
c. wolf and eagle form damage should increase by 50%
4. trap wound debuffs should stack from separate traps and/or from separate rogues same as bleed DoTs work



in progress:

new Necromancer level 30 abilities:
Dark Apotheosis (Passive Enhancement to Lich Form)
Lich Form receives a permanent upgrade. While in Lich Form the necromancer now also passively raises the dead — any enemy killed in combat that was living (not undead, incorporeal, elemental, construct, plant or demon ) becomes part of a player created undead minion that is immediately formed called a Corpse Horror.  Only one Corpse Horror can exist per party regardless of how many necromancers in lich form there are.  If there is more than one lich per party the necromancer with the highest level in lich form is used for determining stats of the Corpse Horror.  The corpse horror has the undead tag making it immune to various effects.  A corpse horror can only be healed by necromancer drain as per other undead minions.  A corpse horror starts with health = 2% of the max health of the monster that died.  (create a catch filter for this).  each monster that meets the criteria, that dies, adds to the corpse horror, adding 2% of its max hit points to the current and max health of the corpse horror, that continues to grow.  the corpse horror has low defense, only equal to the necromancer level/2.  because it is a big poorly stitched together amalgem of corpses.  The corpse horror gets 2 melee attacks per corpse added to it (continue to update this per corpse added, this will need to be tracked.  it has a melee skill = necromancer level.  each corpse added to the horror adds another +5 to the melee skill.  the corpse horror does base damage plus this melee skill bonus.  make sure to update the help files explaining this well, and be sure to include descriptive log entries detailing the building of the corpse as the necromancer 'stitches together another corpse to the Corpse Horror'.  

Plague Bringer (New Attack Spell, 35 MP)
Infects all enemies with a necrotic plague. Each enemy gains Mummy Rot (blocks healing) AND a spreading infection (separate debuff card lasting the rest of combat) — any enemy killed while infected explodes in a splatter of infected gore that deals necromancer aoe/magic damage to all other enemies.  a chain reaction could occur. many monsters are already immune to mummy rot.  in addition the plague infection debuff is ignored by undead, constructs, incorporeal, elementals and plant tagged monsters.
 
 
 == Your questions have been answered: "Corpse Horror base damage — what's the per-hit base roll BEFORE adding the melee skill bonus? The user said 'base damage plus melee skill bonus' but didn't define the base."="Standard melee-like: floor(necroLevel/6) to floor(necroLevel/3)", "If the Corpse Horror is killed mid-combat, can new qualifying enemy deaths rebuild it (starting fresh), or is it gone for the rest of that combat?"="Rebuild — next qualifying kill starts a new Corpse Horror", "If the necromancer's Lich Form collapses mid-combat (mana/stamina exhausted), what happens to the Corpse Horror?"="Persists — it's real undead, not a sustained spell effect", "Plague Bringer explosion damage — when an infected enemy dies and explodes, what's the damage formula for the blast on all other enemies?"="Necromancer's magic attack (MAGIC_DAMAGE formula + necroLevel scaling)". You can now continue with these answers in mind.

New level 30 artificer abilities:
1. Golem Berserk Mode (create a new button toggle in combat with a dropdown for selecting which golem to enter berserk mode if the artificer has more than 1 golem.)  activating berserk mode is free and does not take up the artificer's action for that round.  Toggling it on and then hitting a separate confirm button ( similar to ranger totem and activate) will send that golem into berserk mode with the following effects:
- While berserk, the golem receives a bonus to its damage becomes of: 100% + (artificerLevel × 2)% of normal — so at level 30 that's 160% damage. Each round the golem takes 5% of its current HP as overload damage (non-lethal — drops to 10% HP minimum and berserk mode ends automatically). On exit, the golem cannot reactivate berserk mode that comhat.  Golems in berserk mode cannot be repaired.  caution must be maintained as the golem can drop to dangerous levels.  An artificer can toggle a golems berserk mode off, for free as well to preserve a golem that gets too damaged, and can then of course repair it, but it cannot re-enter berserk mode that combat.

2. Multi Golem Protocol (New Mechanic: Second Golem Slot)
At level 30 the artificer unlocks a second golem slot. Both golems fight independently, can both be augmented, and both can Berserk. artificers can have 3 golems at L50, 4 at L70, and 5 at L90.  

3. Deconstruct (passive) - artificers that hit a construct with their scattershot ability automatically perform a critical hit on the construct (from either main hit or scatter splashes).  this critical hit is special and does an extra x2 damage multiplied by the normal critical damage.  Furthermore there is a 50% chance per construct hit in this way that the artificer scavenges materials that heals any golems that artificer has (but not other artificer golems) for 5% of its max health if the golem happens to be damaged.

confirm:
1. mages and necromancers seem to have lost their reposition summons buttons and also do not have their new abilties listed in their caombat buttons area.  investigate perhaps this is the same as the ranger issue

confirm:
1. change corpse horror to type undead. do not list its race as human and change the icon used for it in the player HUD cards to something more interesting like a grim horrific undead

confirm:
1. instant kill shots from rangers, backstabs, smites, purges, all should still invoke plague bearing bursts and additions to corpse horrors if appropriate
2. double the damage done from the plague burst damage

confirm:
implement the following new abilties at level 30

BARBARIAN:
new level 30 barbarian abilities:
1. Blood frenzy (passive):  The barbarian does 10% more damage (for each hit) per each bleed DoT on the target, including Totem bleed DoTs.  requires the barbarian to be in Rage mode.  indicate the bonus damage in the combat log along the lines of "Blood Frenzy increases the damage by X %"


BARD:
new level 30 bard abilities:
1. a level 30 bard gains a toggle button that once activated cost 10 mana per round to maintain.  The button is called Thundrous Drums.  The thundrous drums reduce the effects of enemy sonic attacks and enemy psychic tagged attacks.  For this change we need any attacks by monsters that have a sonic or sound aspect to be tagged as SONIC.  this includes shrieker and harpy attacks and may include more.  Psychic tagged attacks have already been tagged.
a. The Thundrous drums reduce damage from SONIC or PSYCHIC tagged attacks by the bard's level in % (max 80% reduction)
b. The Thundrous drums give all party members a % chance = the bard level (max 80%) to ignore any stun, charm, DoT, enslavement etc associated with the attacks.  This includes stuff like vampire charm, succubus kiss, mind flayer stun, aboleth enslavement, and may include more.  review monster attacks and powers for likely possibilities. If the bard runs out of mana the thundrous drums effect ends.
c.  make sure that there are combat log entries indicating the reduced damage or effect resisted due to the drums. 
d. When using the Thundrous Drums or when the Drums protect from sonic/psychic damage or effects, play a Drum like sound 



in progress:
1. when i cast elemental rift with my mage it did not complete.  it did not apply any icon and it would not progress to the next entity's turn.  i was frozen
2. i was not able to build a second golem in the golem artificer screen despite being level 30 and having enough components,

confirm:
1. change the penalty for golem berserk mode from 5% of its max health per round to 2% per round.

confirm:
1. when a druid in beast form attacks, allow the selection of the primary target
2. change the player HUD cards for mage summoned elementals to match the picture used for monsters of the same type.  change their race and types to elemental

confirm:
1. the picture for the corpse horror still is using a random generated character appearance.  change the picture to something grisly and undead.
2. artificer deconstruct should ignore armor and do a x3 multiplier on top of the crit damage.  also i am not sure it is critting, it just says 'exploits X's weak points for x bonus damage.'

in progress:
1. mage summoned elementals are constructs and elementals and cannot be affected by regen spells or by party heals.  they should also be immune to the appropriate effects based on this.  fire, air and water elementals are also incorporeal and have further immunities.  fire elementals should be immune to fire attacks/DoTs etc, air elementals are immune to lighting bsaed attacks and DoTs/stuns/effects.  water elementals are immune to cold damage and attacks and any cold related effects, stuns, debuffs or DoTs

todo:
one minor change, earth elementals are not incorporeal and can still be held or webbed.  the other three types cannot be.  also all elementals are immune to stun.  all elementals including earth are immune to Paralysis holds.


in progress:
implement plant tags fully with: 
a. consider plant tag immunity to all stun and bleed, and immune to paralysis.  plant tags take and x2 fire DoT damage.  immune to pyschic tagged attacks/charms etc and take half damage from sonic tag attacks.  
b. change this for monsters and for player treants and shamblers

confirm:
2.  symphony of destruction. (new level 30 power, new combat button)
a. 1/combat the bard starts playing, cost mana and sta to maintain.  
b. while playing can do nothing else (all other abilties are toggled off except the ability to toggle off the symphony which is free.
c. immediately attack all enemies with sonic damage as a normal bards magic attack affecting all enemies.  some enemies take reduced damage from sonic.  incorporeal monsters are immune to the symphony.
d. each round the symphony continues apply a doubling multiplier.  this works similar to quivering palm. apply a new symphony tag buff to the bard for the damage bonus.  monsters that appear during the symphony from summons etc, will take the new damage when the bards turn goes.  
e. mana and stamina cost to start the symphony is 10 mana and 10 stamina. this cost doubles every round until the symphony cannot be maintained.
f. during this time the bard cannot benefit from other bard songs or buffs that replenish mana and stamina. regular heals work. check for the symphony buff on a bard when another effect that grants mana or stamina processes on the bard and bypass.
g. the symphony ends and cannot restart if the bard dies or is stunned, held, charmed etc.  it must be consecutive rounds played. they symphony ends when the bard runs out of mana or stamina

confirm:
2. Heroic Deeds.  whenever a barbarian kills an ememy they accumulate a heroic deed token.  these disappear at the end of combat.  heroic deeds tokens can be spent in combat for free by choosing the new button and heroic deed drop down and selecting one of the following effects which each cost 1 heroic deed token (must have enough to spend on the power).  using a heroic deed can occur simultaneously to an attack, as it does not cost the barbarian their turn.
Deeds:
1. Rapid Assault: the barbarian can perform twice as many attacks this round
2. Reckless Move: the barbarian knocks back up to 4 other enemies while attacking their main target.  the knocked enemy loses its next turn.  incorporeal enemies are immune.  bosses and mega bosses are immune.  all other enemies can be knocked back but the chance to resist is the same as a normal monsters chance to ignore a stun. regardless these enemies also suffer damage as if the barbarian had performed a single melee attack against it (including blood frenzy bonuses).  the other enemies are chosen at random. create a knocked debuff tag for this effect.
3. Refreshing Mead:  restores 50% of the barbarians max health and max stamina and removes all negative effects/debuffs/DoTs
4. Battle Horn:  blow a battle horn and apply a fear debuff to all living enemies.  Enemies that are undead, constructs, elementals, plant, or incorporeal are immune.  This is a sonic and psychic power.  It works similar to the ghost or demi-lich fear debuff.  the debuff applies the same debuff as those undead, with a penalty to the target's defense = the barbarian level/3.  the duration is the entire combat. 


confirm:
1. use the same formula for epic, legendary, mythic and divine to scale the chance of drops for reagents.  basically level bonus = min dungeon level -1 x 1% bonus, capping at 10%
2. tweak mage arcane overload costs 
- reduce chance of successive overloads 
- reduce mana from a doubling to a x1.5
- cap the number of overloads at mage level/6.
4. iron golem cost should add 1 epic reagent to its current cost
5. mithril golem should also add 3 epic reagents and 1 legendary reagent to the current cost.
6. adamantine golem should cost its current cost but instead change to or add: 5 epic reagents, 3 legendary reagents, and 1 mythic reagent
7. fix level 30 warrior help to list formation as a level 30 power also rather than smushing it with the squire without the preceding 30 in the list.  it makes it look like they only get 1 power.
8. update mage class help with its new level 30 powers and details
9. check for monk Pressure Points debuff - make sure multiple PP debuffs do not stack. also make sure there is a debuff tag added to the monster card in the HUD
10. change help and double check mechanics on corpse horror.  it is not 1 per necromancer.  it is 1 per party.  all corpses go to a single horror.  they highest level necromancer in lich form etc that qualifies keys the horrors abilities
11. update bard class help with new level 30 abilities
12. update druid class help to explain its upgrade to entangle with its verdant wrath power
13. update barbarian class help to explain its new level 30 powers
14. update artificer class help to reflect the change in golem health cost for berserk mode from 5% to 2% per round.
15. bards should not benefit from their own bardic melody restore.  they can benefit from another bards however. when there are multiple bards in a party, each additional bard above 1 adds 1% to the melody's restore % (from base of 10) to a max of 15%


ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.

confirm:
lets implement three new monsters:
1. will-o-wisp 
a. takes 90% less damage from magic/aoe attacks. 
b. undead and incorporeal 
c. also immune to psychic and sonic attacks and effects.  
d. takes half damage from melee ranged before applying defense.  
e. has a single target attack (can attack anyone in front or back rows) - the will-o-wisp only targets living foes ignoring undead, constructs, and elementals.  the attack does a flat 25% of the targets max health regardless of defense.  the target has a 50% chance to die outright (reduce health to 0).  the target can reduce this chance by a random amount from 0 to their level.  necromancers in lich form are immune.


2. roper 
a. aberration tag
b. 6 base tentacle attacks, these are ranged attacks, these attack separate random foes (front or back) and debuffs the targets melee stat by the roper's level.  this lasts for a number of rounds = roper level/10.  these attacks also have a 50% chance paralyze for a number of rounds = roper level/10.  these are two separate debuffs.  this is poison based and thus undead, incorporeal, constructs, elementals are all immune as well as anything else immune to poison.  
c. the roper also gets a 7th attack, a bite. this is a melee attack and does x1.5 normal damage and inflicts an acid DoT for 50% of this damage onto the target for a number of rounds = the roper level/6

3. invisible stalker 
a. elemental tag 
b. invisible any attack has a 60% chance to miss.  
c. can strike at back row with 2 base melee attacks.


confirm:
make any slime/acid slime/gelatinous cube monster immune to bleed as well as stun and holds.  also do not allow these monsters to add to corpse horrors.  in fact create a new tag Slime, to acknowledge these aspects.  this allows for future expansion and allows for a new ranger favored enemy type1

confirm:
make this change to weapon rider DoTs and debuffs.  track the DoT from the rider separately from any debuff. The separate DoTs can stack in the same way as bleed DoTs or trap DoTs can apply multiply.  track each weapon rider DoT separately for its damage and duration.  any debuffs are applied only once however no matter how many hits from the same attacker or other attackers.  new hits merely refresh the current debuff, but each hit adds a new DoT.  since this is a large power boost, create a constant multiplier that controls the damage of weapon riders, I am thinking of starting at 50% of current damage, to allow for the increased amount of riders that will be on the target. 

in progress:
change weapon rider procs as follows:
1. change poison damage DoT to match the potency of fire, since many monsters are immune.
2. grant ice and lighting DoTs as well since riders are now way more useful.  since ice and lightning can both stun and debuff, scale the DoT damage to 75% of 'normal' (this is in addition to the overall current rider constant of 50%)

in progress:
--
new large mechanic: starting at level 30 dungeon level and greater
1. special statues in the dungeon allow access to a event that creates a named mega-boss
a. these statues have a small % chance to appear (half chance of chest of a mastermind chest)
b. clicking the statue starts a special battle that is special and contains a named super mega-boss with monsters that are thematic to the boss.
c. when the statue event is initiated, determine what the theme of the battle is.  Draw from the list of possible monster tags (see attached document).  This is the theme of the event and monsters spawned and summoned are drawn from this tag only.  generate the fight as a normal fight but using only the theme tag of the event for the monsters.
d. as mentioned below, the round 5 bosses should draw from the same tag as the event as well as the round 10 mega-boss.
e. on round 15 the named super mega boss appears.  the super boss is pulled from the attached text file document and must match the monster tag for the event.  some bosses have multiple tags and thus could appear in diffrent themed events.
f. special round 15 named super-mega boss mechanics.  These super bosses have all of the bonuses of a mega boss along with the following additions or changes.
HP: ×20 base
Defense: +DL×2.5
Melee/ranged damage: +DL×4.5
Magic/AoE damage: +DL×3.5
mummy rot healing penalty is 25% instead of 50%
paladin divine judgement damage is 1/8 instead of 1/4 for megabosses
g. super named mega boss has a special purple border in the HUD around its card.
h. the bonus buff applied to other monsters in the battle with the named super bosses is +66% instead of +50%
i. if the super named boss summons a creature due to its mega boss ability, it summons 2 creatures.

2. special battle mechanics:
a. every round a new monster thematic to the event is summoned and added to the fight.  1 additional monster is added for every 6 living party characters (ignores count of golems and summoned, only actually recruited characters count).
b. on round 5. two regular thematic bosses are added to the fight.  one extra boss is added for every 12 living party characters (ignores count of golems and summoned, only actually recruited characters count).  this is a one time event.
c. on round 10 a thematic mega boss appears. this is a one time event. the mega boss of course can summon other minions as per normal mega boss mechanics.  this is in addition to the regular monsters being summoned by the statue event.
d. on round 15 the special named super mega boss appears. it functions like a regular mega boss with its summon abilities and bonus to damage etc.  the special named boss is pulled from a pool of special bosse that match the theme of the event.  some events will always spawn the same boss, some might have more variety to chose from.
e. upon completing and defeating all monsters the event ends.  treasure is rolled normally for the various bosses.  the super mega named boss rolls twice above and beyond the normal mega boss treasure bonuses.
f. gold loot for the event is multiplied by 10.
g. do not end the event before round 15.  if the party kills all enemies before then, progress to the next round and spawn more enemies per step 2a.
h. XP gained for the event is doubled due to the difficulty.
i. one item from the special loot table is rolled and added to the treasure. (see attached document)



ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.

response:
1. i want the armor to have an enchantment bonus of +7 (max) but the player will still have to add aoe wards or spikes
2. i want the weapons to have an enchantment bonus of +7 but the player will still have to add their own riders
3. i want trinkets to be +7/+7 in their respective categories (defense + the other) but players will still have to add vitality and regen augments.


confirm:
1. the button toggle for artificer golem berserk mode doesnt seem to allow me to actually select the golem, it  seems to turn the golem i can select green but it doesnt seem to confirm this nor change the status of the golem, until i click cancel and then it seems as though it didnt work despite there being a log message.
2. if a warrior intercepts an attack against someone, not only should the damage be redirected to the warrior, but also any effects of the attack, such as DoTs, stuns, etc.  i had a wyvern tail try to sting a mage, the warrior intercepted but the mage still took the poison DoT


confirm:
i performed a mass revive and it did not move to the next players turn it just hung there, other mass revives during the combat were ok, so this was a niuche case, this was for a cleric who was level 29 yet


confirm:
1. when a monster is killed, remove its monster card from the HUD instead of leaving a greyed out version.
2. also create scroll bars on the entire screen.  sometimes it fills with so many summoned things i have to shrink the screen and i cant see it

in progress:
double check quivering palm now either its not advancing each round or the tooltips are not updating or both.  when o hover over a monster that i have quivering palmed severl arounds in a row the doubling dont seem to be occuring

confirm:
1. make slime tag monsters immune to plague infection and mummy rot

confirm:
1. make slime tag immune to backstab and crits
2. i am still seeing more than one corpse horror in the party group.  there should only be one, even if there are more than one necromancers in lich form.  create a block so taht all corpses only go to one corpse horror.

confirm:
1. a barbarian that uses the reckless move heroic deed, still is required to choose a target for their regular attack sequence (which is a rage sequence if they are raging).  the reckless move extra random targets are just bonus ones chosen randomly.

confirm:
1. if a barbarian uses the battle horn feature - make sure to apply a debuff indicator card just like for ghosts.  if there is already a fear effect on the target, use the one with the largest debuff, and refresh the duration


confirm:
1.  the mage class help needs its level 30 abilities noted
2.  the warrior class help should have summon squire and formation listed as separate level 30 abilities with both having a level 30 number in teh first column
3.  add the level 30 bard abilities to the bard section on the class help
4. add the verdant upgrade to entangle as a second level 30 druid ability in the druid class help
5. add the barbarian level 30 abilities to the class help for barbarian

confirm:
add the blood frenzy passive ability to the barbarian class help file.  also reduce the bonus of blood frenzy to 7% per blood DoT on the target (reflect the help info of this new change)

confirm:
undead and elemental should not be listed as allowable species under the recruit drop down

confirm:
widen the chest disarm modal screen as i have 3 rogues now and the three buttons are wider than the window

confirm:
the passive out of combat bard song should not stack with another bard song.  If one is active do not let another one be cast.  display a warning


in progress:
1. cap barbarian blood frenzy bonus % = barbarian level x3.  and change the bonus from 7% to 5% per bleed DoT
2. change druid wild shape eagle form attack to count as ranged attack that uses the druid magic skill level for the damage calculation, this bypasses the clockwork horror immunity
2. change druid wild shape wolf, bear and treant forms attacks to count as melee attack that uses the druid magic skill level for the damage calculation, this bypasses the clockwork horror immunity.  pixie form still remains magic.
3. change quivering palm initial on strike damage for the first round to be x2 plus an additional % equal to the monk's level.  therefore at level 30 the initial strike is x2.3.  This multiplier is what is used each round instead of merely doubling.  for example at level 100 a monk will triple its damage each round.
4. runed clockwork horror should also be immune to all weapon rider DoTs and effects except the acid one.
5. runed clockwork horror should be immune to demi-lich aoe magic attack.
6. runed clockwork horror should be immune to fire and thus mage summoned fire elemental attacks

confirm:
verify and implement a check with message that druid bear, wolf and treant form attacks can only attack from the front row as they are melee style attacks.

confirm:
1. front line fallen, promote someone from the back row failed because everyone was dead except three rogues who were in shadow step status.  i was not able to promote any of them and was thus locked at that point. in this rare niche case, if i select a rogue in shadow step status to the front tow, it must remove the shadow step status.  

in progress:
i attemped to backstab an elder acid slime with my rogue, since slimes are immune to backstab it just left me with no option.  backstab selector should grey out invalid targets similar to how paladin smite ignores not smitables.  an option to cancel out should be available for mistakes.

confirm:
1. change the bulwark of the unbroken dawn legendary shield to have a base 40% block percentage over the normal 25% shield block base

in progress:
1. i want personal shield block % to apply ranged and magic/aoe also not just melee.
2. move these the following two checks to the end of the initial intercept check area of combat, and put shambling mound intercept before warrior defend mode.  the reasoning is i want all personal defenses to be checked first before the warrior intervenes to reduce the amount of damage warriors might take if there is another defense that might avoid the attack.  Also shamblers are disposable, so they can take a hit before a warrior check goes:

[13] WARRIOR DEFEND MODE INTERCEPT  ← all types
    • Any warriors in defend mode (not the target)?
    • Sorted by HP descending, each rolls getAugmentedShieldBlock()
    → SUCCESS: warrior steps in front
        - Warrior takes: max(1, (rawDmg − warriorArmor − warriorDef) × 10%)
        - Warrior may retaliate
        - Original target takes NO damage — END for target

[14] SHAMBLING MOUND INTERCEPT  ← all types
    • Ranger's shambling mound summon present?
    • Roll: 50% + (rangerLevel / 300)
    → SUCCESS: mound takes rawDmg − moundArmor − moundDef — END for target
	
1. i want follow up monster attacks to be each be rolled regardless of whether the primary (or follow up) attack lands or not, and i don't want the chain to end on a failed % check against a prior followup.  Roll for all eligible follow ups
2. follow up monster attacks should apply riders as well not just damage
3. remove clockwork horror 75% damage base. all attacks do full.


confirm:
1. document the order of operations in combat we just talked about into a combat help file (include a special link off of the main help file since this is quite large, make the separate help file like the one for classes).  include notes that high level monsters gain additional attack chances on their primary attacks based on dungeon level.

in progress:
1. reduce number of barbarian attacks from 1 every 3 levels to 1 every 4 levels.
2. increase scroll bars on entire screen.  the monster HUD, player HUD and combat logs need to be separate from each other and not interfere, sometimes i control-zoom the screen to get a larger view, eventually it have to zoom out to far too be readable
3. multiple thundrous drums can be active but drums are checked only once for damage, but each set of drums playing is checked for purposes of avoiding a psychic or sonic attack


confirmed:
1. confirm mirror image cancels attack with no riders applied - confirmed
2. confirm every warrior has a chance for intercept.  in a party with 4 warriors in defense mode, all 4 warriors get a chance if the others fail? - confirmed

confirm:
1. change summoned death knight shield block chance to apply to all attacks not just melee.  update the combat help phase 3 personal defense checks are for death knight shields.
2. in the help file under interceptors in the shambling mound section, you mention rangers, but its druids that get shambling mounds, change the wording in this spot to refer to druids.
3. in the help file under interceptors in the warrior defensd mode section you state that the warrior takes 10% of post defense raw damage.  I believe this is incorrect and it is 40%.  check the formula to confirm and change the information.
4. reduce monk dodge percentage and damage slightly - change class bonus from +1% every level to +1% every 2 levels.  against magic aoe attacks this percentage is 2/3 their normal dodge chance.  this change in bonuses also applies to the damage reduction (including the reduction to 2/3 their normal damage reduction).  update help files for the monk class anywhere this is mentioned.


confirm:
1. preserve the row a druid is in before wildshape.  after wildshape ends (either manually or after combat) return the druid to the row they were in before changing. This puts druids into the back row that were there originally that took on a melee form, or vice versa if they started in front row but took on a ranged or magic form in the back row.

confirm:
artificer upgrade for shields 
a. each upgrade rank (up to 7) adds a +1% chance to the base shield deflect chance
b. each upgrade rank also adds +1 defense to the shield.  
c. use the same crafting screen as for weapons and armor.  add shields
d. cost is the same for each rank as it is for armor upgrades
e. update help files to reflect this for crafting, or anywhere shields are mentioned.
f. update combat code to account for new potential shield block percentage.  since shields have variable percent chance to block, we must examine this vs the static 25%.  make sure combat code for armor and defense calculation also accounts for enchanted shields now that they can have defense

confirm:
1. allow multiple hunter's marks to be on a single enemy.  they are additive.  track the debuff cards separately.

confirmed:
summoned elementals earth does melee and attacks from the front row and fire, air and water can all attack from the back?

confirm:
1. i need scroll bars in the middle pane after a combat ends. the list of loot is so large that i cannot reach the continue button nor can i read all of the treasure messages.
2. allow buying reagents in bulk. add a 'buy 10' button next to the regular buy button, the 'buy 10' button buys 10 of the reagent for x10 cost

confirmed:
1. add an indicator to the left of the gold and food numbers with total count of party members (recruitable only, not golems) - update when a new recruit is added.

in progress:
1. currently when a monster is encountered. you pull nearby monsters into the fight.  i would rather change this dynamic so that this does not happen immediately.  what i want to happen instead is that the main monster that is clicked on to start the battle sets the theme for the encounter, and it spawns additional random monsters of the same tag as itself filling up to the maximum number of monsters to equal the level of challenge for the size of the group, rather than pulling in nearby monsters.  
2. however i still want nearby monsters to be curious.  each round any monster that is within 10 grid spaces has a 50% chance to come and join the battle.  this chance is reduced by 5% for each grid space the monster is away from the group.  (you can determine how this is calculated at an angle for example a monster 5 squares east and 3 down is..?)  perform this check each round at the end of the round and add the monster with some sort of message indicating that the sounds of battle have attracted nearby monsters.  


ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.



confirm:
1. reset corpse horror counter after each combat, also only a single necromancer should be stitching the corpse onto the horror.  if one has already stitched the corpse other necromancers should not also be stitching it.  currently all necromancers are stitching.  in my party of 3 necros, the corpse horror is 3 times as strong as it should be.
2. rangers should do extra damage to favoured enemies, beyond extra crit chance and armor ignore, rangers do + ranger level *2 in percent more damage (ie a level 30 ranger does +60% more damage to favored enemies)

confirm:
1. when using deconstruct ability increase an artificer's critical hit chance by 20% + artificer level/2
2. the main shot and each scatter shot should roll indepdently for its own crit chances, is this so?  if not it should be the case

confirm:
1. when a target dies that is marked by a ranger's hunter's mark, clear the target from that ranger's junter mark button on their turn, or just perform a check if that target is still alive when the ranger's turn arrives and then clear the button.  whatever way is more efficient

confirm:
1. according to its description clockwork horrrs should be immune to weapon riders of any type except acid.  this doesnt seem to be the case from my last combat

in progress:
1. i want option 1, they stack independtly like weapon riders.  i also want separate monk avatar DoTs to stack from the same monk, not just refresh the duration


confirm:
1. when a warrior is making a regular melee attack, indicate how much % damage extra is being done by the formation bonus in the combat log
2. make sure the recent changes to artificer deconstruct crits and ranger favored enemy damage is noted in the helps for these classes

confirm:
1. whirlwind damage (+1/2 monk levels%)

confirm:
1. create a UI option that can be toggled on or off.  manual or automatic combat.
a.  when manual is set that player must hit the space bar to continue between each combatant's turn that previously would have automatically gone.  before when either enemy monsters or party summons all went it created a huge spam in the log and if you wanted to see what the effects of an attack were for a certain character or monster you might have to scroll back far.  setting it to manual requires the player to confirm the results of each entity's turn before going to the next.  place thus button to the right of the  normal combat buttons to toggle in.
b. automatic mode is the alternative and what it currently is set to just process any enemy or summons until it reaches a player controlled character.

2. create a combat option button under each character to 'delay' their action until then end of the round.  if multiple characters 'delay' the most recent delay is put to the end, but characters can delay again to put themselves at the end.  this is handy for some casters perhaps clerics who wish to go at the end of the round to heal everyone.

3. create a current combat round counter that is displayed prominently somewhere during combat
4. put a little green checkmark icon somewhere visible on the enemy, character, summoned creature's HUD card to indicate if they have gone or not in the current round.  



confirm:
if a bard charms a monster is that monster able to use any and all of its abilities against the monster group?  it seems like some monsters dont do much of anything special


in progress:
new monsters
1. evil wizard: humanoid tag magic aoe hit entire party, takes half from magic damage
2. dark treant: plant tag.  4 melee branch attacks to random members. 35% chance to hold target for 2 rounds.
3. mandrake root: plant tag.  single melee attack, when attacked however has a retributive 'scream' each time it takes damage it unleashes a sonic aoe attack hitting entire party for magic aoe sonic damage.
4. killer vine: plant tag.  long vine can grasp up to level/6 targets.  does melee damage from sharp thorns and constriction.  45% chance to can also hold the target for 2 rounds.
5. cave bear.  beast tag.  2 claws, 1 bite
6. cave lion.  beast tag.  2 claws, 1 bite
7. winter wolf.  beast tag. 1 bite and 50% chance of aoe breath that does cold damage and inflicts a cold Dot for 50% damage per round for 3 rounds
8. lizard folk.  humanoid tag.  1 melee attack.  has a shield 25% chance to block any attack.
9. dread cultist. humanoid tag.  same as cultist monster but also a 50% chance per round to someone a random monster with demon tag.

create these monsters, available at any level.  dread cultist level 20+ only.  update lorebook entries, create sprites


confirm:
i am building an achievement badge system. To that end I want to record as much activity that the party performs as possible.  To this end I need to start logging as much information as i can.  

1. start recording internal tallies of the following things for achievement badges.
a. total damage done by each character divided into three categories (divide into melee, ranged, and magic/aoe)
b. total damage done by the character's minions/summoned/golems divided into three categories (divide into melee, ranged, and magic/aoe)
c. total damage done by the entire party divided into three categories (divide into melee, ranged, and magic/aoe)

c. damage received by each character (exclude minions) divided into three categories (divide into melee, ranged, and magic/aoe)
d. total damange received by the party divided into three categories (divide into melee, ranged, and magic/aoe)

e. total gold received
f. number of chests successfully solved
g. number of fountains drank from

h. total number of monsters killed by character broken into tags (total number of undead, plants, etc )
i. total number of monsters killed by the entire party broken into tags (total number of undead, plants, etc ).  if a monster is killed by a minions or summoned, attribute it to the character that controls it or summoned it.  If a monster is killed by a DoT, attribute it to the character who applied it.  this may require tagging Dots that are not tagged as belonging to a certain character.
j. total number of monsters killed by minions for each character
k. total number of monsters killed by minions for the entire party
l. total number of monsters killed by DoTs for each character

l. total number of monsters killed by DoTs for the entire party
m. total number of food found (not bought)
n. total number of items found ( excluding food )
o. total number of potions made
p. total number of scrolls made
q. total number of golems crafted (broken down by type per player)
r. total number of minions summoned in combat per player: includes squires, necromancer undead, mage elementals, ranger and druid animals/plants. 
s. total number of minions summoned by entire party
t. total number of crits done per character
u. total number of crits for entire party
v. total number of stuns done per character
w. total number of stuns done for entire pvarty

for warriors:
t. total number of intercepts done by warrior - per character 
u. total number of retaliatory strikes done by warrior - per character
v. squires summoned

ranger
- enemies marked
- minions summoned by type

mage
- minions summoned
- arcane overloads

rogue
- backstabs done
- instant kills done
- traps disarmed

monk
- ki charges acquired
- quivering palms delivered
- attacks dodged
- avatar purges done on harmful effects

cleric
- damage healed
- characters ressed
- undead turned
- harmful states cleansed
- spiritual weapons summoned
- creatures banished
- banished damage

necromancer
- undead summoned - by type
- dark harvests

bard
- disrupts
- charms succeeded
- rallying melodies performed
- symphony rounds

druid
- beasts summoned
- entangles cast
- faerie queens summoned
- mini shamblers created

paladin
- smites performed
- smite purges performed
- reflected damage
- aura of righteousness healed
- divine judgement damage

barbarian
- temporary hp generated
- heroic deeds done
- rounds spent raging

artificer
- scattershot splash damage
- special drone effects done
- items enchanted
- deconstruct damage

next after setting up logging for all of these events: 
create a new badge achievement screen. accessible by the G key
this screen has 2 sections.
a. general party achievements
b. individual achievements, this section has a dropdown in which the player selects the party member to dynamically display achievements for that party member.

the each party badge exists with bronze, silver and gold medal levels.
- display the badge associated with the achievement or no badge if bronze has not been met.
- display the requirements for the achievement
- display the award for achieving that achievement level
- feel free to create a creative name for each achievement level based on the nature of the achievement

Here are the reward badge levels for now.  more to come. The achievements are tracked by the new logging totals

1. Total Monsters Defeated 
	1000 for bronze
	5000 for silver
	10000 kills for gold
2. Total Monsters Defeated per monster Tag (create an achievement for each type of monster tag) - levels
	250 for bronze 
	1000 for silver
	2500 for gold
3. Total Gold Collected
	10000 gold
	100,1000 gold
	1,000,000 gold
4. Magic Chests solved
	10
	25
	100
5. Fountains Drank from
	10
	50
	100
6. Potions Crafted
7. Scrolls Scribed


ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.

confirm:
corpse horror is not updating its offensive and defensive stats as new corpses are added to it.  each corpse added should refresh the HUD card for the horror

todo:
the green checkmark indicator that a character has gone after its turn in combat should be cleared after combat ends

todo:
1. change coin choir achievements to 10,000 gold for bronze, 100,000 gold for silver and 1,000,000 for gold, dont set any awards yet
2. change Relic Forager name to Junk Collector and change the progress levels for bronze, silver and gold to 100 items, 1000 items found and 10,000 items found
3. change dungeon reaper bronze, silver and gold levels to 1000, 5000 and 10,000 monsters defeated

complete:
increase the font size slightly in the battle chat log windows

in progress:
1. increase bard disrupt damage. damage bonus = (bard level x2 )%. update help files for the bard class on this

confirm:
1. change giant crocodile messaging for death roll from using the term 'webbed' to 'held in its jaws'
2. remove individual entries in the badge personal drop down menu for entities that are not recruited characters.  do not include any summoned or golems etc

confirm:
1. dragon breath does a little more damage. dragons get a bonus to damage = (level/3)% 
2. faerie queen summons takes less tokens - at level 30 only 2 tokens, at level 40 only 1 token

in progress:
==============================================================================================
new classes:
Vermin Keeper: +25% health -50% stamina, +25% mana, +1 magic per level, +2 MP regen per minute
cloth or leather, no shield
new recruits summoned to back row (unless main character)

at level 1. ability to use two different attacks.  create button for each.  single target magic attacks (+1 attack / 5 levels - to the same target ) - poison or acid.  (mana cost 1)
a. the attack applies a DoT that does 20% of the initial damage.  The DoT lasts 1 round
b. additional attacks that round increase the DoT damage by 20% of that attacks damage. each attack increases the DoT duration one round.
c. Attacks done against the same target in future rounds start a new DoT.  Only attacks in the same round stack on the same DoT
d. the poison attack damage gains a 15% bonus to its damage
e. the acid attack applies a separate debuff to the opponents defense of -1.  this can only be applied once per round, but a separate attack on future rounds applies a separate one.  the duration is for the entire combat

level 3 ability: 
- summon vermin  (mana cost5)
a. type randomly chosen from:
spider
bat
giant bat
giant centipede
cave crawler
black widow
cave fisher
stirge
blood wasp
vampire bat
tunnel worm
giant scorpion
phase spider
rust monster
b. cascade like necromancer for possible extra summons
c. summoned to front row
d. health = same as Keeper max health, melee skill = keeper level x2, defense = keeper level * 1.5
e. mimic the abilities of the monster version, just replace health, melee and defense stats.


level 6 ability: (mana cost 10)
- summon slime (type randomly chosen from:) 
slime
acid slime
gelatinous cube
b. cascade like necromancer for possible extra summons
c. summoned to front row
d. health = same as Keeper max health, melee skill = keeper level x2, defense = keeper level * 1.5
e. mimic the abilities of the monster version, just replace health, melee and defense stats.

level 20 ability: (50 MP)
- charm vermin - like bard ability

level 25 ability: (mana cost 50)
- insect plague - aoe poison - affects all enemies - damage = magic attack.  applies powerful poison DoT.  damage/2 round 

level 30 ability1: (mana cost 75)
- summon vermin swarm or acid swarm
a. summon a single swarm - each round a swarm is summoned the current swarms hit points grow by (health amount) - the swarm grows, a new swarm is not summoned.  separate keepers each have their own swarms.
c. once the swarm is determined ( acid or vermin ) the other button is greyed out for successive rounds until the current swarm dies or combat ends.
d. each time the swarm is increased, it gets another aoe attack.
e. health of swarm = keeper health.  swarm magic skill = keepers magic skill, swarm defense = keeper level x2
f. either swarm is summoned to front row.

g. vermin swarm takes 10% damage from all melee and ranged.  
h. vermin swarm takes 50% more damage from magic/aoe
i. vermin swarm takes double damage from fire attacks and fire DoTs. (like red dragon breath or flame attacks from certain monsters, like imps, drakes, efreei, fire elementals)
j. vermin swarm does aoe damage but damage is considered melee.  to all targets it applies a poison DoT = 2/3 base damage lasting for 2 rounds.  each attack applies its own DoT and is tracked separately in the same round or successive rounds.  the attack also applies a single debuff to the opponents melee, ranged and magic attacks = keeper level/4.  the duration is 2 rounds.  this debuff may only be applied once no matter how many attacks, or how many other vermin swarms attack.  The debuff is unique.  other applications of the vermin swarm debuff simply refresh the duration  even from other keepers' vermin swarms.
k. immune to poison, immune to psychic damage and DoTs, immune to charms, holds, stuns and paralysis - has incorporeal tag

g. acid swarm takes 10% damage from all melee and ranged.  
h. acid swarm takes 50% more damage from magic/aoe
i. acid swarm takes triple damage from lightning attacks and lightning DoTs. (like blue dragon, thunder birds, storm giant attacks, etc)
j. acid swarm does aoe damage but damage is considered melee.  to all targets it applies an acid DoT = 40% base damage lasting for 2 rounds.  each attack applies its own DoT and is tracked separately in the same round or successive rounds.  the attack also applies a single debuff to the opponents defense, ranged and magic attacks = keeper level/4.  the duration is 2 rounds.  this debuff may only be applied once no matter how many attacks, or how many other acid swarms attack.  The debuff is unique.  other applications of the acid swarm debuff simply refresh the duration even from other keepers' acid swarms.
k. acid swarm is immune to acid and acid DoTs
l. immune to immune to psychic damage and DoTs, immune to charms, holds, stuns and paralysis - has slime tag


level 30 ability2:
- swarm protect (mana cost?)
this works like the druid shambling mound ability.  a swarm will protect its keeper by intercepting attacks directed at the keeper.  the mechanics work exactly the same way with the same % chance to intercept.



confirm:
1. increase chance of nearby monsters slowly joining.  the chance goes up by 5% each round and the distance increases by 1 grid square.
2. increase monk avatar DoT damage = 75% base damage
3. increase spiritual weapon damage by cleric level in %
4. add a both poison and acid resistence to the vermin keeper abilities.  1% / level starting at 1 - add this information to the help file for the class.  the VK is adept at resisting these two types.
5. randomize the slimes or vermin that Vermin Keeper gets on cascading summons
6. Increase the damage of the vermin keeper insect plague to equal magic attack + ( VKlevel *2 )%.  duration is VK level/4.  DoT damage = 75% base damage.  

todo:
1. change the gelatinous cube player HUD card to match the monster one. do the same for other slimes and vermin if they do not match.
2. when a swarm does an AOE, spell out the enemies it hits with the damage done in the log.
3. confirm that VK summoned vermin and slimes also have all of the same abilities and special attacks of their monster version.  including % chance to web, paralyze or do secondary attacks, etc.  this includes resistances and immunities based on VERMIN or SLIME tag types that should be assigned to the player summoned versions.


confirm:
1. swarms supposed to hit all enemies

confirm:
1. vermin swarm insect plague needs an icon hover DoT indicator for the targets that are under its effects

confirm:
1. items cannot be used from inventory.  instead make a button on the characters combat options to 'Use Item'  this allows them to use an item from their inventory or from group inventory.  Only items flagged as usable can be used and displayed in a drop down list for them to use.  currently this includes potions and scrolls.  Once the character uses the item, and clicks a checkmark box (that is greyed out until an item is selected ), then the item is used and that ends their turn.
a. you will need to flag potions and scrolls as usable items.


confirm:
1. during combat disable using items directly from the backpack or group inventory.  Out of combat they can be used from personal backpack or group inventory


===================
new class:

Warlock: +37.5% health, -75% stamina, +37.5% mana, +1 magic per level, +1 HP regen, +1 MP regen
cloth only
new recruits summoned to back row (unless main character)

level1: (mana cost 1/round to maintain, free to cast)
evil eye hex - free action doesnt consume turn, apply a debuff to single target's defense and melee, ranged, attack. debuff is level/3 penalty.  lasts 1 round/7 levels, minimum 1 round

single target magic attack with level% increases in damage, bypasses armor (mana cost?)

level3: 
tend cauldron of summoning - summons demon - requires 5 HP.  doesnt use mana.  toggle cauldron on or off. while toggled on it only requires health to maintain (similar to mage rift) and autosummons demons (100% chance)
each demon summoned has a maintenance cost of 3 health per turn.  a warlock who dies loses all its summons.
summons can be manually selected from a list that is level gated:
3: imp
6: flame imp
6: dust devil
10: demon knight, quasit
15: efreeti
20: ice demon, acid demon, foul toxin bloat demon, hell hound
25: succubus, chain devil, blood demon
30: pit fiend (complete with extra defense and health)

demons have all the appearance for player party HUD cards as the monster ones.  summoned demons have the same abilities as the monster variants.  make sure that player summoned variants can perform their abilities against the monster party.

summoned demon health = warlock health, demon melee, ranged or magic = same as warlock magic skill, demon defense = warlock magic skill


level20: (mana cost 35)
Wasting Curse: special DoT applied to a single target. Does damage = %1 of targets CURRENT hit points.  only 1 wasting curse per target no matter how many warlocks.  each round the damage increases by 1% and the curse maintains on its own.  for example on round 5 it does 5% of the targets CURRENT hit points in damage so it works better against full targets. the maximum % it can reach is 5% per round.  the duration however is 4 rounds + warlock level/20. to a maximum of 9 rounds.  targets immune to magic like clockwork horrors are immune to this.  other targets have a 5% chance per round to shrug off the curse.  (display message)  

level 25: (50MP)
charm demon - like bard ability, only charms demons

level30:
passive ability Protection from Demons (reduce damage % from any demon by warlock level) to all party members.  caps at 66% reduction.  includes melee, ranged and magic/aoe damage.

level30: 1/combat, lasts until killed, toggle off or end of combat
tentacled horror of the abyss form - become a mindless eldritch horror
a. warlock health doubles while in this form. 
b. warlock level added to defense
c. disables regular single target magic attack as well as ranged and melee attacks - this works like druid wild shape does 
d. remain back row.  gain level/3 tentacle attacks, these are considered melee attacks but are allowed from the back row.  they use the warlock's magic ability for damage however.  each attack has a % = warlock level to apply a stun (normal monster resists and tag/type resists apply, boss/undead immunity etc).  tentacle attacks are applied randomly to targets available.  each tentacle attack has a bonus to damage = 100% + (warlock level) %.  ie a level 30 warlock does x2.3 damage.
e. the warlock takes half damage from magic/aoe.
f. the warlock becomes immune to psychic attacks/effect, immune to charms
g. the warlock takes half damage from acid and cold effects/attacks/DoTs
h. the warlock is immune to poison damage/DoTs/effects
i. the warlock is immune to holds including paralysis.
j. the warlock is immune to stuns
k. demon charm and wasting curse buttons are also disabled, but cauldron toggle on and off are still available.
l. evil eye hex also still available
m. while in this form the warlock also gains an Eldritch Sign button that can be used instead of tentacle attacks.  when activated it applies the Wasting Curse debuff/DoT random to level/5 enemies.  The Eldritch Sign button is disabled until it rolls a 1 in 3 chance each round to re-enable itself.

 ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.
 
 
todo:
i am thinking of redoing the layout of the screen.  i however want to preserve the possibility of the current layout if i dont like the new one.  so, what i want is a toggle button to use the current layout of the screen with the party character HUD at the bottom and the buttons and info above.  and in combat the logs in the middle and monsters at the top.  keep this layout as layout1.  

then create a new layout entirely.  layout2.  i want the party HUD on the left side of the screen,with characters in columns, with scroll bars if there are more characters than fit in the rows.  i want a max of 5 columns, everything else scrolls below infinitely.  the same for the Monster HUD in combat. that will be on the right side a max of 5 columns and infinitely scrolling.  in the middle will be the two side by side combat log screens, player on left and monsters on the right, side by side in the middle.  at the bottom of the two logs are the buttons for the current character.  preserve all elements, just move things around.  Remember the most important is if anything changes you need to keep the two versions of the layouts.  

 ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.
 
 
in progress:
here are some minor balance changes: 1. max shambling mounds per druid  = druid level/2 
2. max attacks for a corpse horror = necromancer level + 10 .  the health and defense/offense can rise infinitely
3. max upgrades on swarms = vermin keeper level / 5
4. golem repair change: artificer level x2% for the repair to be free and not cost any components
 
confirm: document the changes just implemented in the specific class help file areas.

confirm:
1. if a rhemoraz takes damage from an aoe or DoT it should not be randomly retributively striking a party member.  only on direct melee attacks should  it be damaging back the entity that attacked it, including summons
2. swarms are immune to all types of holds, including giant crocodile death roll.
3. i had a charmed red dragon take its turn and it said it teears into ints former allies with claws and bite but it didnt say who was hit and for what damage.  this needs to be spelled out in the log.  also make sure that charmed monster attacks and abilities are truly working against the enemy monsters.
4. when i had a druid in wild shape eagle form summon an eagle, it said the extra eagle was summoned as appropriate and it said it acts immediately, but i did not see any attacks in the log - confirm the extra summons gets to attack immediately and its attacks are being logged.  in another case it worked correctly
5. confirm corpse horror is maxing at necromancer level attacks.  mine just attacked with 66 attacks.  i might have not refreshed the game though.
6. vermin swarms should grow automatically for vermin keepers and not require the grow vermin button.  make this an automatic thing on the vermin's turn right before it goes.  remove the grow vermin button.

confirm:
1. melee, ranged and certain (single target?) special attacks seem to be broken for all characters.  your kludge you put in for stuck combat rounds seems to be causing issues.  review that fix and resolve the issue.  ranger summon beast is also included in this.  artificer heal golem and berserk toggle is also broken.  barbarian rage worked ok, mirror image is fine, elemental rift worked ok.  charm monster was broke.  demilich works fine but regular summon undead does not
 
confirm:
 🎵🐊 Giant Crocodile L27 (charmed) lunges with a crushing bite at Yeti L27!

⚠️ Giant Crocodile L27's turn was skipped due to a combat script error: t.addEffect is not a function
 
confirm: 
1. vermin swarm should grow after its turn goes not before.  i had a vermin swarm grow to size 3 on round 2.  it should grow after it is done 

todo:
i had a charmed monster (winter wolf) attack and this is all that was in the log: 🎵🐺 Winter Wolf L27 (charmed) bites Dungeon Ape L27!

🎵❄️ Winter Wolf L27 (charmed) exhales a freezing blizzard at its former allies!.  i want it to display how much damage was done for example when it attacked the ape.  i also want to know what enemies were hit by the freezing blizzard.  this needs to be spelled out for all charmed monsters not just vaguely referenced.  make this more verbose
 
 
confirm:
2. when i click the heroic deeds it shows the drop down menu for a split second but doesnt allow me to choose anything, it seems broken, it just immediately throws me to the button with a quick flash. 


confirm:
make sure that the rhemoraz reflect chance is checking on every attack, even special melee ones like warrior follow up, barbarian extra rages, monk whirlwinds, also anything considered a 'melee' even if it uses a magic skill for attack also

confirm:
raise the cap on trinkets drop to 30% from 10%

confirm:
indicate on the hover over for the vermin keeper swarm types HUD card how many attacks it has and confrim that after each time the swarm goes it adds a new atack up to the maxs.  this should happen after the end of its first turn and it should go immediately upon summoned
 
 
confirm:
1. when warlock enters tentacle horror form and doubles hit points. all current (and future) demons also double hit points.  this refers to warlock max hit points.  also make sure that when demons spawn even the warlokc is not in tentacle horror form, that the demons' health on spawn are equal to the warlocks max health not current (in case they are wounded as they willlikely be due to the cauldron drain) 

confirm:
1. i want to redesign how monster encounters are handled again.  when the player clicks on or encounters a monster because the monster walked onto them this is the primary monster and type of the encounter. 
a. the fight will spawn the primary monster, plus up to 5 more random monsters of the same tag type to a maximum allowed for the number of characters as it works now. if this reaches the cap on the monsters for the fight stop here.  proceed with the fight with nearby monsters joining randomly through out the fight as it is now.

b. if the maximum capacity of the initial encounter allows it, expand to a range of 1 square on the grid in all 8 directions.  any monsters in these squares immediately join the fight at the start bringing 3 more random monsters of the same tag type to a maximum allowed for the number of characters as it works now. these monsters are considered secondary types. if at any point the initial cap for monsters at the start of a fight reaches the maximum stop processing the monsters, and allow the rest to join the fight through random chance as it is currently coded.  

c. next, process any monsters 2 squares away repeating the same process in step b (adding the monster + 3 more of 
its type) until all squares up to 2 away are done or the monster encounter is at max and allow for any monsters not brought initially too join randomly during the fight. these are also now added to the list of secondary tag type monsters

d. repeat step c. for 3 squares away. these are also now added to the list of secondary tag type monsters. if the monster max has not been reached, add 3 more random monsters of the primary monster's tag again.  plus 1 more of any secondary types that have joined, until maximum capacity is reached

e. return to processing at a distance of 4 squares, then 5, then 6 (any monsters joining immediately +3 random ones of its tag type). this process works like steps b, c and d. each new monster becoming a new secondary type. if the capacity is not reached still, add 3 more of the primary tag type and 1 for each secondary tag type

f. return to processing at a distance of 7 squares, then 8, then 9 (any monsters joining immediately +3 random ones of its tag type). justlike step e but at greater range. if the capacity is not reached still, add 3 more of the primary tag type and 1 of each secondary type.

g. return to processing at a distance of 10 squares (any monsters joining immediately +3 random ones of its tag type).  if the capacity is not reached still, add 3 more of the primary tag type and 1 of each secondary type until you reach max capacity.  if the maximum capacity is still not at max, continue to add 3 primary and 1 of each secondary tag until the max is reached.  

confirm:
fix this error:  Zabazuza's Pit Fiend #1's turn was skipped due to a combat script error: swarm is not defined

confirm:
when a warlock in abyss form gets a bonus defense indicate this on a hover over of their player HUD card.

confirm:
when a warlock's Eldritch Sign refreshes indicate so with a combat log message

confirm:
redo hydra heads to count as melee attacks that can reach the back row. this way reflecton attacks and spikes properly retribute back, similar for paladins fire aura, and armor spikes.  also it will prevent ranger eagle deflect from deflecting a hydra head attack which makes no sense

confirm:
1. document under the necromancer class help that a magic attack will heal their undead.  Change this life drain heal from its current amount to = 5% + (necromancer level/2)% - healed to that necromancer's only undead.
2. even though evil eye hex is free for a warlock, change it so it can only be done once per round
3. iron golem monster and any construct or elemental, undead or incorporeal should be immune to paralyze (for example gelatinous cube paralyze from monsters and vermin keeper summoned cubes)
5. in the comhat log when it says '--- <name of monster's. turn ---'  increase the font size on this and make the color purple so it looks distinct
6.  use the acid slime monster graphic for vermn keeper acid swarm, but tint it bright orange
7.  change warlock abyss form tentacle damage bonus from (warlock level %) to (warlock level x3) %
8.  paladin smite/aoe smite should do 75% more damage


============
new class Photomancer
Warlock: -75% stamina, +75% mana, +1 magic per level, +2 MP regen
cloth only
new recruits summoned to back row (unless main character)

level 1:
color spray (1mp)
attacks level+1 targets with a magic/aoe effect.  has a level% chance to stun.

level 3: (35 MP)
mirror image (works the same as mage mirror image but has a bonus of +1 image)

level 6: (30 MP)
Blur (applies blur to the entire party.  blur gives a 20% chance that a melee or ranged attack misses)
- blur lasts a number of rounds = 3 + (photomancer level/10)

Invisibility (10 MP)
a. applies invisibility to a single entity in the character's party.  that entity cannot be targeted by melee or ranged abilities or single target magic attacks, but aoe abilities still hit the recipient.  (pre targeting check in combat, similar to rogue shadow step)
b. invisibility lasts 5 rounds + photomancer level/10.  
c. invisibility is canceled if the target attacks and does damage to an enemy (heals, revives, summons, bard melodies, thundrous drums, are all examples of things that do not cancel invisibility, warrior intercept/strike. there may be others )

level 10: (25 MP)
1. Create Illusionary Warriors (creates a number of illusionary warriors = photomancer level/10)
a. summons an illusionary warrior .  it works similar to a clerics summoned weapon, however it actually takes a place in the party roster going to the front row and has a HUD card.  
b. the illusionary warrior is immune to all damage, DOts, and any effects whatsoever.  
c. the warrior can be targeted by any monster but constructs and undead ignore the illusion entirely and wont target it or consider it for purposes of their possible targets (precheck). nor can they be affected by any of its attacks
d. the illusionary warrior attacks x times a round = photomancer level/5. it targets random enemies for each attack.
e. its melee skill equal the photomancer's magic skill.  but it is consider a magic attack
f. because it is illusionary monsters immune to magic ignore all effects of the illusion.  constructs and undead are immune to its damage.  other monsters have a (monster level)% to ignore the damage as well, because they disbelieve the illusion this attack passes harmlessly (precheck before any other combat processing).  
g. the illusion ignores target armor and defense entirely and cannot be dodged
h. it has a bonus to damage = 100% + (photomancer level )%
i. monsters that do target the illusion do not damage to it as the illusion is immune to everything.  a monster has a percentage chance = the monster level - (photomancer level/2) to disbelieve the illusion on any given attack against the illusion.  if successful the illusion is dispelled and disappears.
j. illusionary warrior attacks cannot stun or crit

Level 20: (20 MP)
Improved Invisibility - replaces Invisibilty with Improved Invisibility button
a. applies improved invisibility to a single entity in the character's party.  that entity cannot be targeted by melee or ranged abilities or single target magic attacks, but aoe abilities still hit the recipient.  (pre targeting checkin combat, similar to rogue shadow step)
b. improved invisibility lasts 5 rounds + photomancer level/10.  
c. target of imroved invisibility can attack and remain invisible.  

 (pre targeting checkin combat, similar to rogue shadow step)

level 25:
Disintegrate (100 mana)
1. Fires a focused ray of light at the target in a narrow beam at a single target. 
a. This is considered a magical attack for purpose of immunity
b. Has 3% chance + (photomancer level/2) to instant kill the target.  boss/mega bosses immune does x4 damage instead.
c. damage inflicted has a bonus of +200% + (photomancer level x2)% = a level 30 photomancer for example inflicts an additional 260% damage above normal.
d. gain one additional beam every 33 levels.  (2nd beam at 33, 3rd at 66 and 4th at 99th level)


level 30: (100 MP) - 1/combat
Prismatic Sphere - a powerful sphere protects the party.
a. all ranged or magic/aoe attacks that target the party or party member have to pass through the sphere first.
b. the prismatic sphere check is after rogue shadow step or invisibility checks but before eagle totem deflect
c. the sphere absorbs photomancer level x 100 in damage before failing.  
d. the sphere lasts until destroyed
e. only one prismatic sphere per party at a time.

level 30:
simulacrum - created only outside of combat.  limit = photomancer level/10 - cost = level * 100 in gold
a. choose a creature encountered from the lorebook
b. the photomancer creates a permanent party member mimicking these creature and its abilities entirely.
c. the simulacrum uses shadow magic to become semi-realistic.  it has all the same attack and damage and immunities and powers as the original.  it cannot summon its own creatures however.
d. its defense = photomancer level *2 (monster special abilities may change this)
e. any melee, ranged or magic skill = photomancer level *2 (monster special abilities may change this or apply additiona bonus damage)
f. cannot be healed by any party members or receive regen. cannot be repaired or healed at all. once it dies it is gone.
g. debuffs or detrimental effects cannot be removed either (such as from mass heal)
h. cannot be revived.
i. cannot benefit from bard melodies or other effects that only affect living targets (similar to undead or golems)
j. simulacrums of monsters that have regen or drain powers CAN heal the simulacrum 
k. receive a damage bonus = photomancer level %


confirm:
i dont think charmed monsters seem to be getting targeted by melee, ranged or magic/aoe.  double check this.
warlocks wasting curse doesnt seem to allow me to select an enemy

confirm:
2. change bone archer to ranged and change the messages about its attacks to make more sense for shooting arrows
3. check slime stun immunity. iterate all potential stun or holds from all monsters and make sure slimes are immune to them.
4. shield upogrades are not preserving through save/loads


confirm:
1. create a new tag type: giant.  this tag type applies to all giants but does not need to be a ranger favored enemy since all giants are also humanoids.  this tag type is more for some special drops for later on. apply this too all current humanoid giants (fire, storm, ice, stone, ettin). do not apply this to other things that are merely giant versions of something normal like giant zombie or giant spiders etc

in progress:
1. change it so that bosses and mega bosses spawn with a bonus to stamina and mana equal to their health bonus
2. some monster tags do not use stamina at all: for their attacks they dont use stamina because they are tireless.  add a check in for these flags:  construct, undead, elemental
3. change it so that if the monster does not have enough stamina or mana to complete an attack or no fallback alternative attack, it does half damage like a player, not the 1 point weak hit.
4. grant hydras triple their normal stamina


todo:

1. make sure the warlock summoned dust devil aoe can apply a 10% chance to stun enemies, passing through the normal resist function
2. make sure warlock summoned quasit applies a poison DoT for each hit, track separately. duration = level/4 
3. make sure warlock summoned efreeti take half damage from magic or magic aoe
4. make sure warlock summoned ice demon has x2 health and 1.5 defense after normal calcs
5. make sure warlock summoned acid demon has x1.8 health.  also give warlock summoned acid demons the 50% chance to summon an acid slime (use the same slimes summoned by vermin keeper) warlock acid demon summoned slimes have half the health of the acid demon summoning it,have offensive skill set to the same as the acid demon summoning it and defense set to the same as the acid demon summoning it) 
6. make sure warlock summoned toxic bloat demon have x2.5 health.  remove the .8 penalty for damage.  make sure it still does 6 ranged bile attacks against random foes.  and applies a dot for level/7 rounds for 33% damage.
7. change warlock summoned succubus to mimic monster succubus by having a magic single target attack that does damage as normal but also drains an equal amount of mana from the monster unless it is construct, elemental or undead.  the 35% chacne to charm-daze the target still applies, but it counts as a paralyze style hold.  adhering to all target immunities for its effect.  at 50% or less health switch to a psychic style AOE shriek that targets all enemy monsters.  this attack is considered magic and psychic for monster immunities.
8. warlock summoned pit fiend should have x3 hit points and x2 defense.

in progress:
1. change the stirge mosnter attack to a blood drain ability instead of a regen.  if the stirge hits and does damage is heals a like amount.  monsters immune to bleed cannot be drained such as constructs, undead, incorporeal or elementals or plants.
2. make changes to the vampire bat monster that you just made to the stirge, and update its lorebook entry as well.
3. update the lorebook entries for monsters with sonic and psychic attacks or effects to indicate these are of that typye (largely for thundrous drums countering).  some monsters that come to mind, shriekers, succubus, mind flayer aboleth, etc there may be more



ok here is a big change:
lets rework the simulacrum framework
1. rename it to 'Shadow Simulacra'
2. the shadow simulacra are created only outside of combat.  same limit = photomancer level/10 - cost = level * 100 in gold
a. this framework we dont choose a creature from the lorebook as that takes too much to wire up.
b. instead use a new graphic for the party HUD card for it. Something shadowy looking.
c. the photomancer still creates a permanent party member
d. instead of mimicking the powers and abilities of a monster exactly, the photomancer will mimick ones they pick and choose from a list, simulating powers tehy have encountered.  Since this is a level 30 power, by this point they have likely met all monsters in the lore book, so its mute that they wouldnt be able to choose anything.
e. the simulacra has, as before its defense = photomancer level *2 
f. and has melee, ranged and magic skill = photomancer level *2 
g. the following all still apply so you dont need to change this:
- cannot be healed by any party members or receive regen. cannot be repaired or healed at all. once it dies it is gone.
- debuffs or detrimental effects cannot be removed either (such as from mass heal)
- cannot be revived.
- cannot benefit from bard melodies or other effects that only affect living targets (similar to undead or golems)
- simulacrums of monsters that have regen or drain powers CAN heal the simulacrum 
- receive a damage bonus = photomancer level %
h. in addition simulacra are semi realistic illusions but they are mindless and considered constructs and as such
are immune to:
- stun
- poison/poison DoTs
- psychic damage or effects
- paralyze style holds
- bleed DoTs
- stamina or mana drain

Simulacra are created from a new modal accessed by the 'N' key. It is set up similar to the artificer crafting.
1. There is a dropdown to select which photomancer is creating the simulacrum.  next there are a number of dropdowns to select its special powers beyond basic attack and defense.  A photomancer gains a dropdown to select a special power for every 5 levels of photomancer. When a power is selected from a dropdown it disappears from the options of other dropdowns, unless specificed as a power that can be selected more than once.  Once a photomancer has selected all available powers, they click the 'Form' button at the bottom and the simulacrum is created with all the associated powers.  The photomancer has the option to 'save' the selected powers as a template to use in the future, giving it a unique name which can be recalled from a special 'load template' button in the same modal to preload all the dropdowns to save time manually selecting.  Once the Form button is pressed the simulacrum is created.  To support the various powers one can have, you need to create a framework to allow for all the different powers.  however is the most efficient way to handle this you will decide.  Here are the different abilties a photomancer can select from the dropdowns and their effects.

1. extra melee attacks.  add extra attacks in addition to the basic single attack.  photomancer level/5.  chosing this puts the simulacrum in the front row.
2. extra ranged attacks.  add extra attacks in addition to the basic single attack.  photomancer level/5.  the only difference this is between the extra melee attacks is that some monsters respond differently to ranged vs melee (rhemoraz for example).  chosing this puts the simulacrum in the back row.
3. extra magic attacks.  add extra single target magic attacks in addition to the basic single attack.  photomancer level/5.  the only difference this is between this and the extra melee or ranged attacks is that some monsters respond differently to magic vs ranged vs melee (some monsters are immune to magic attacks like clockwork horror).   chosing this puts the simulacrum in the front row.

Note: chosing any one of the first three disable the other two.
4. AOE attack.  the monster's attacks hit a number of enemies = photomancer level/5.  damage however is 66%
5. Fire DoT: any attack, whether melee, ranged or magic, single target or AOE leaves a Fire DoT that does 40% damage per round for photomancer level/7 rounds.  these DoTs stacks like other DoTs that stack.
6. Ice DoT: any attack, whether melee, ranged or magic, single target or AOE leaves a Fire DoT that does 40% damage per round for photomancer level/7 rounds.  these DoTs stacks like other DoTs that stack.
7. Lightning DoT: any attack, whether melee, ranged or magic, single target or AOE leaves a Fire DoT that does 40% damage per round for photomancer level/7 rounds.  these DoTs stacks like other DoTs that stack.
8. Acid DoT: any attack, whether melee, ranged or magic, single target or AOE leaves a Fire DoT that does 40% damage per round for photomancer level/7 rounds.  these DoTs stacks like other DoTs that stack.
9. Poison DoT: any attack, whether melee, ranged or magic, single target or AOE leaves a Fire DoT that does 60% damage per round for photomancer level/7 rounds.  these DoTs stacks like other DoTs that stack.  This DoT does more damage since the amount of monsters typically immune to poison is higher than other types.
10. Psychic DoT: any attack, whether melee, ranged or magic, single target or AOE leaves a Fire DoT that does 60% damage per round for photomancer level/7 rounds.  these DoTs stacks like other DoTs that stack. This DoT does more damage since the amount of monsters typically immune to psychic is higher than other types.
11. Sonic DoT: any attack, whether melee, ranged or magic, single target or AOE leaves a Fire DoT that does 60% damage per round for photomancer level/7 rounds.  these DoTs stacks like other DoTs that stack. This DoT does more damage since the amount of monsters typically immune to sonic is higher than other types.
12. Bleed DoT any attack, whether melee, ranged or magic, single target or AOE leaves a Fire DoT that does 60% damage per round for photomancer level/7 rounds.  these DoTs stacks like other DoTs that stack. This DoT does more damage since the amount of monsters typically immune to bleed is higher than other types.
Note: Multiple DoTs may be selected, only DoTs of the same type cannot be chosen more than once.  but a player could chose both Fire and Ice DoTs 
13. Stun attack:  The simulacrum's attacks, have a photomancer level/3% chance to stun the target adhering to normal stun checks for Tag immunity or Boss immunity. stun duration is 1 round
13. Hold attack:  The simulacrum's attacks, have a photomancer level/3% chance to hold the target adhering to normal hold checks for Tag immunity or Boss immunity.
Note: A player may chose both stun and hold, but chosing one disables selecting the same type again.
14. Extra Offense:  the simulacrum adds 50% to its offensive stats of melee, ranged and magic. 
15. Extra Defense: the simulacrum adds 50% to its defense score.
16. Extra Health: the simulacrum has a bonus of 50% to its health.  This may be chosen more than once.
17. Regen:  The simulacrum regenerates (photomancer level/3)% of its health per round.
18. Immunity: Fire - takes no damage from attacks that specify they are fire damage or fire DoTs
19. Immunity: Ice - takes no damage from attacks that specify they are ice damage or ice DoTs
20. Immunity: Lightning - takes no damage from attacks that specify they are lightning damage or lightning DoTs
21. Immunity: Acid - takes no damage from attacks that specify they are acid damage or acid DoTs
22. Stamina and Mana Drain: drains stamina and mana from the target(s) equal to base damage x (photomancer level)%
23. Life Drain: converts damage dealth into restored health at a percentage = (photomancer level/2)%
24. Immunity to Holds:  cannot be held by monsters that inflict these style of attacks
25. Phase strike attacks:  The simulacrum's attacks ignore target's armor/defense
26. Offense Debuff:  any target hit by the simulacrum's attacks suffer a penalty to all of its melee, ranged and magic stats = (photomancer level/8) for (photomancer level/10) rounds
27. Defense Debuff:  any target hit by the simulacrum's attacks suffer a penalty to defense stat = (photomancer level/8) for (photomancer level/10) rounds
28. Heal Party: has a 50% chance instead of attacking to mass heal the party (acceptable targets only).  healed amount = (photomancer level/3)%
29. Block or Dodge: (photomancer level/2)% chance to avoid a single target, ranged or magic attack avoiding damage entirely
30. Retributive damage: Any melee damage suffered reflects back the damage suffered = (photomancer level*2)% 

 ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.
 
 




=========================================================================================
level 35 ideas:

druid:  
1. aoe charm toggle: mass plant (bypass normal immunity)/charm beasts: level/2 % chance.  a target that resists 3 times is immune for the rest of the combat.
1a. Bolster charmed beasts/plants: 1% / level extra damage (this bolster disappears once the charm ends). charm length = bard +1
2. wither plants (magic attack vs all plants, damage = x2)
3. thorn spikes/barksin?

warrior: 
1. formation shield wall.  every warrior and squire in formation also add to defense and (if using one) shield % block and intercept.  per warrior/squire add to defense: 2, +3% to shield block %, intercept, and retaliatory strike
2. taunt (free action - toggle passive - cost 1 Stamina/round): makes the warrior more likely to be chosen for a melee, ranged or single target magical attack.  create a new mechanic in the target selection phase of combat that does a check first for taunting warriors.  each warrior taunting has a warrior level% to be chosen over any other target for the attack.  the warrior with the most health is checked first, followed by the warrior with the second most health, then third most, etc, until all taunting warriors are checked.  if there are one or more warriors with the same health, the order is random.  Once a warrior is selected for the attack.  the monster attacks, but does so at a penalty to their melee, ranged, or single target attack = warrior level/6.  a warrior in defense mode adds 10% to the chance to be selected, and then penalty for the monster's attack is warrior level/4 instead.  

cleric: 
1. the cleric's banish power now is an AOE effect.  It can affect all creatures targetable by a banish.  furthermore there is a bonus to the damage equal to (cleric level)% more.
2. divine shroud (15 mana per round): By maintaining a direct link to their deity the cleric is covered in a  protective shroud that reduces all damage from any source by (cleric level/2)% from any source, including DoTs.  This shroud effects is checked and applied before armor+defense.  Furthermore and Cleric slain while the shroud is active has a (cleric level)% chance to be auto-revived at 50% health.  

bard: 
1. Quickstep Song: haste (+1 melee attacks and ranged attacks to all living, ignores elementals, golems, undead, spiritual weapons).  not to aoe attacks.  not to backstab or explosive arrow.  only special abilities: rage, wildshape attacks. 100 mp.  lasts entire combat. refreshed each round onto new combatants.
2.  Theme gap: The bard has buffs, disruption, charm, and group healing — but nothing reactive that responds to the flow of battle rather than initiating it.

Ability: When a party member dies during combat, the bard may immediately play a brief memorial melody as a free reaction (does not cost the bard's turn, triggers automatically on death). This costs 20 MP and grants all surviving party members +floor(bard level/4) attack and defense for 3 rounds, as the fallen hero's sacrifice inspires the party. Can trigger once per fallen ally per combat.  the bard with the most mana plays the tune, and a bard already engaged in a symphony cannot perform this anthem.  multiple anthems stack in a special manner: the duration is increased by 1 round and incresaed by 1 attack (melee, ranged and magic) and 1 defense for each fallen ally.  a bard without enough mana cannot play the anthem.

Why it works: It's completely reactive — doesn't duplicate proactive abilities. It turns the worst moment in combat (a party death) into a tactical moment. It rewards keeping the bard alive. The passive nature means it fires even if the bard hasn't acted yet this round. At L35 that's +8 attack and defense — meaningful but not unbalanced since it requires someone to actually die.

barbarian: 
1. Odin's ravens: ignore fatal blows.  if barbarian dies, has 10% + level (max 90) to summon a valkyrie that joins the battle and resses the barbarian at 25% hit points and continue fighting.  the valkyrie = barbarian level, has barbarian health, has barbarian level x2 in defense, attacks / round = barbarian level/7.  damage = base 5-10 + barbarian level x2. uses a spear, has a 20% chance to crit.  summoned to front row.  is race valkyrie.  is considered 'non-living' for purposes of other buffs, healing, regen etc. has a shield, 25% chance to block any melee, ranged or magic/aoe attack.  takes 2/3 damage from any magic/aoe.
2. werebear: 1/combat -  shapechange to werebear.  weapon riders no longer apply, but the werebear form has a barbarian level% to apply a separate bleed DoT with each attack.  the normal blood frenzy level bonus to damage cap is increased by (barbarian level/2)%.  bleed Dots last barbarian level/7 rounds.  gain 50% max hit points. regen increases to 10% per round instead of 5.  + barbarian level/3 to defense.


mage: 
1. Mana Shield (free action to activate) (50MP) - 1/combat.  Creates a protective sphere of temporary health = the mage's max mana.  any damage is removed from this first.  the damage can be first reduced by other effects.  this is the last check in combat sequence right before applying damage to the mage.  any damage that surpasses the shield goes to the mage.
2. death burst:  a mage who is slain in combat releases a mana burst damage all enemy targets that are not immune to magic.  the damage = the mage's max mana x (2 + (mage levelx2)%) . example a level 35 mage with 700 mana does 700 x 2.7 damage = 1890 magic/aoe damage.

necromancer: 
1. take control of undead (charm) - same chances and duration as bard charm
2. stamina and mana drain - aoe - drains enemies of ST/MP - amount = random amount per target of (necro level/2) to (necro level *2).  undead, constructs, elementals immune.  

paladin: 
1. Summon Steed. 1/combat while mounted on steed regular melee hits do double damage. take half from melee damage. Steed lasts combat or until paladin dies.  costs 100 MP +10MP to maintain.  smites and aoe smites can crit at 20% + 1/2 paladin level.  paladin gains 50% health while mounted
2. "Martyr's Covenant"
Theme gap: The paladin protects, smites, and counters — but has no ultimate sacrifice/martyrdom expression, which is core to the paladin archetype.

Ability: Free Toggle (8 MP/round). The paladin designates themselves as the Covenant Anchor. While active: any single hit that would deal more than 30% of a party member's max HP is automatically intercepted by the paladin — the excess above 30% transfers directly to the paladin (no roll, always triggers). However, the paladin cannot be killed by Covenant overflow damage — if they would be killed they are instead reduced to 10% or their max HP, at which point the Covenant breaks automatically for that round (it can be restarted next round).  Covenent damage can be blocked by a shield, and passes through all the normal pre-damage defense (including buffs)+ armor as well as steed melee damage reduction.  

Why it works: Distinct from warrior intercept (which is chance-based and partial) — this is guaranteed threshold-based magical protection. It's distinct from Dragonslayer (which is dragon-specific). The "can't die from it but breaks at 1 HP" creates natural balance — the paladin becomes a damage sponge that eventually collapses under sustained pressure. Thematically: the ultimate expression of holy self-sacrifice.

monk: 
1. Kick Trip - 1 heavy rapid kick/10 levels.  single target.  damage = 100% + monk level x2.  can crit (monk level/2)% and stun normally (20%).  each kick has a 33% chance to trip the the target prone.  this is a HOLD type attack.  incoporeal are immune to the trip portion.  vermin are immune (they tend to be small, flying or have many legs or slithery).  slimes are immune as they are blobby.  dragons are immune due to flight/many legs.  beasts have a 50% chance to ignore the effect even if successfully rolled (many have multiple legs also).  
2. Theme gap: Quivering Palm is a slow patient kill. The monk has no ability to trade patience for burst, and nothing that creates party synergy.

Ability: Passive enhancement to Quivering Palm. When a Quivering Palm target has accumulated 5 or more doublings, the monk may spend 20 MP on their turn to Accelerate — instantly converting all accumulated doublings into immediate damage this round using the damage that would be applied next round. rather than waiting for the 10th. Additionally: the burst explosion of internal energy has a 40% chance to stun the target (resisted normally), and the shockwave deals 50% of the burst damage to all other enemies. Burning the palm this way removes its stack from that target.  

Why it works: Creates a meaningful decision — wait for maximum damage at 10 doublings, or cash out early at 5+ for reliable burst damage plus the stun chance and splash. At 5 doublings you've built 32× the original damage which is already enormous. Adds party-facing value (adjacent splash). Doesn't introduce a new mechanic — builds entirely on the existing Palm system in a way that changes its strategic character.



rogue:
1. Trap Mastery.  Trap damage is doubled (and therefore the DoT) and duration is extended by 2 rounds.  Furthermore traps have a chance to do one of the following random effects when the DoT damage is processes on the target:
a. stun 1 round (normal resistances apply to this for monster types and recent stuns)
b. hold 1 round (normal resistances apply to this for monster types and recent holds)
c. apply a penalty to offensive melee, ranged or magic/aoe attacks = rogue level/4.  this might require setting a level of the trap = the rogue level so this variable can be checked each round vs traps set by other rogues.
d. apply a penalty to defense skill = rogue level/4.  this might require setting a level of the trap = the rogue level so this variable can be checked each round vs traps set by other rogues.

2. Extra Loot (passive):  the rogue adds rogue level/2% to any gold obtained at the end.  multiple rogues are additive not multiplicative.  three level 33 rogues add 33+33+33 = 99% more treasure.  


ranger:
1. perma beast companion out of combat, choose one type  (in V spell modal) and summon a super wolf, bear, eagle, panther, snake, stag, ape etc.  has varying stats and abilities.  high offense/defense and health - if dies during combat can reform a new after combat and chose a new type.
2. ricochet shot (passive).  for a normal ranged shot, each arrow has a 50% chance to richochet to some other random enemy doing 50% damage, ricochets can crit and also have a chance to instakill favored enemies. a shot that ricochets can richochet again st 25%, again at 12% chance, 6%, 3% and 1% chance.
an extremely lucky arrow ricochets 6 additional times.  each ricochet arrow only does 50% of the base damage.  ricochets can crit at the normal chance.  they can also instant kill favored enemies albeit at only 50% chance less than a regular shot.  ricochets can apply weapon riders as well as totem effects.  an arrow that ricochets consume 1MP for each ricochet.  Each arrow attack for a normal ranged attack is checked.  each arrow will not richochet to the same target twice, but each arrow is checked separately.  the ricochet from a second arrow can hit the same target as a ricochet from the first arrow.
3. richochets do not happen on explosive arrow attacks because the arrow explodes.



vermin keeper:
1. vermin frenzy (passive): any vermin or slimes summoned or charmed have a (vermin keeper level)% chance to gain a second action each round.  the vermin or slimes also do (VK level x2)% + 100% more damage.
--- create some new slime types:  grey ooze, black pudding, ochre jelly
2. hive mind - share health with summoned minions and swarm.  how does this benefit except for the minions.  melee and ranged are all that matter. aoe will be taken by all anyhow mostly.  creates a lot of math....

photomancer:
1.  blinding burst emission 
2. 

warlock:
1. demon lord/eldritch horror (appears after 5 demons successfully summoned from the cauldron) those demons disappear and are replaced by the demon lord.  select randomly from a list of 10 or so lords (come up with names and special powers)
the demon lord has high attack, defense, powers, immunities, etc
2. Hooked tentacles:  adds a warlock level% chance for a tentacle hit to crit for x2 damage.  each hit also has a separate warlock level% chance to apply a bleed DoT (normal check for monster resists).  The DoT does damage/2 each round for (warlock level/7) rounds. This counts as a bleed dot like other bleed DoTs for purpose of barbarian bleed frenzy

artificer:
1. instakill golem? heals all golems to full
2. craft special items (see below)

Option 2: "Emergency Protocol" (Passive)
Passive. When any of the artificer's golems drops to 25% HP or below, it automatically enters Emergency Protocol: gains +75% damage output but takes +50% incoming damage. When an Emergency Protocol golem is destroyed, it self-destructs — dealing artificer level × 3 magic damage to all enemies (ignores half defense). This detonation cannot be cancelled or prevented once triggered.

Why it works: Turns golem death from a pure loss into a tactical tool. Enemies that kill your golems do so at a cost. Pairs with Overclock interestingly — an overclocked golem taking heat damage might intentionally trigger Emergency Protocol. Completely passive, no button to press, but changes how you think about golem positioning entirely.

Option 3: "Resonance Cannon" (Personal Nuke)
Once per combat. Costs 40 MP + 15 stamina. The artificer assembles a makeshift cannon from workshop components and fires a single devastating shot. Base damage = artificer level × 4, plus golem tier bonus (each active golem adds its tier number × 8 to the damage). Ignores half the target's defense. Against bosses and mega-bosses, deals 3× damage instead of instakilling. Against normal enemies, has a flat 10% instakill chance.

Why it works: Rewards having multiple high-tier golems active — a full team of Divine Soul golems adds enormous bonus damage. It's the artificer's one "personal" moment of destroying something themselves rather than through constructs. Once per combat keeps it from being spammable. The boss damage multiplier means it remains useful against the toughest targets.


=========================================================================================
special item creation:
1. displacer cloak - needs 10 displacer beast hides (50% chance to drop from displacer beast)
a. grants a 25% chance to avoid a melee, ranged or single target magic attack

2. collect golem heart from iron golem - make special golden golem (doesnt count against golem count) + other components or gold.  maybe collect other parts or parts from other constructs. construct types can randomly drop arm, leg,head, torso.  need 2 arms 2 legs head, torso and heart + a ton of gold to make special golden golem.

3. elemental essences for special charge bowl, stone, censor, brazier, void sceptre
- elemental tagged mosnters drop fire, water, air, stone essences

4. girdle of giant strength - giant hearts + gold + components
- create a +7 trinket belt that adds to melee damage

5. or dragon hides for armor bonus - 5 different types, % chance to drop, need x hides for one of the following
add a special add on to armor that adds +2 to defense and reduces damage from: fire, acid, poison, lightning, or cold damage by 15% (up to 5 addons)

6. undead pieces for a necro staff addon

7. troll blood for regen ring addon

8. vermin item?  venom item?  already have weapon riders - collect 100 vermin parts for a vermin staff upgrade that enhances swarm damage, vermins and slimes and charmed damage

9. plant item - druid enhance to entangle, treants and shamblers

10. demon ichor - warlock enhancer

11. aberration item - think

12. hag eye 

13. manticore spikes for missile weapons - bonus to ranger/artificer ranged

14. yeti or werewolf items?

15. harpy or shrieker pieces for sonic/bard item


special quests from quest giver (random chance per hour?) - you have a vision
- kill X of X 
- collect X number of X parts
- killed named X


- reward = special item or special follower








=============================================================================================
todo: maybe the bonuses to regen for class or species should be per level per minute

todo:
1. add silence ability to bards.  prevent spellcasting?

1. change damage taken from intercept, breakdown by type, melee, ranged, aoe?

1. institude racial paragon abilities at level 35
- human +1 hp regen, +1 st regen 
- elf - +1 ranged, +1 magic - 
- dwarf - +1 melee, +1 sta regen - 15% stun resist checked independently of other abilities?
- orc - +1 melee, +1 hp regen -  when orc dies, will revive next round at 10% health. unless ressed.  orcs who are also necromancers have this ability disabled in lich form
- gnome - +1 magic, +1 mp regen - create clockwork minion
- halfling - +1 defense, +1 sta regen - some dodge? 10% to evade any melee or ranged, reduce magic/aoe that i non sonic non psychic by 10%

-----------------------------------------------------------------

find and/or create Magic items:

create a use item in combat button for all: these magic items have x charges and replenish those charges at the rate of 1 every 10 real world minutes.

cloak of displacement - allows avoidance of any melee or ranged attack with a 30% chance.  does not apply to defensive intercept. 
horn of valhalla - summons 2-5 einherjar warriors - incorporeal, last 1 fight
pipes of the sewers - summons rat swarm, somewhat defensively, has a lot of health.  damage is dependent on health, and lowers the lower the swarm's health.  
demon pentagram - summons a random 'demon' 

-----
quest system
go outside the dungeon/different tiles
better character sprites?  what is the pixel size of the pic
--



ultrathink through this all taking all the time you need, to craft this carefully, test every feature, and implement or suggest things I may have forgotten or overlooked with respect to each feature.  everything needs to work smoothely without errors or unclear interface issues.  ask any clarifying questions if something is not clear.  update all sections of the help files, tooltips and character ability screen, monster lorebook information screens as necessary.  doublecheck files for missing or extra brackets or other typoes as these have in the past broken the game.  make sure the game loads correctly when you are done.